[deleted]My oldest is six and this is my first year sending a kid to school bc covid. I got the list of supplies to buy, did the thing, and brushed over a note about not label school supplies; it didn’t explain why and I didn't want her to lose the things we bought so I just...did it anyway and didn’t really think much of it. I also sent my kid to school with a reasonable amount of school supplies, not everything we bought. I gave her a few pencils, not the whole box, that kind of thing.

First day I got an email about not labeling school supplies because the kids share them, and about sending the entire amount of supplies in so that the teacher could ration them out as needed.

Daughter was upset that night because we spent a lot of time buying color coordinated notebooks/folders for her like I do (I’m in college) and she was excited to be like her mom in class.

The teacher took the notebooks and folders (I sent six each) and gave her two new ones.

I emailed the teacher back and said I don’t mind buying extra supplies if a child doesn’t have any, but I want the stuff I bought for my daughter to be returned to her. We picked it out together and she was excited to use them.

Teacher replied and said it was important for kids to learn about sharing through their school supplies and it was important for my daughter because it looks like she has issues sharing. She worded it more tactfully but that was the gist. Daughter says "her notebook" (she had a favorite) went to a boy who didn’t want it anyway because it was bright pink. She’s a little possessive of her stuff, sure, but she’s six and it’s her first year of school and I’m just not seeing the point of this? My kid had school supplies in the first place, she didn’t need other kids' stuff. It sounds like everything just got pooled and shuffled.

I emailed the teacher back again and asked can I come pick up the school supplies I bought for my daughter, I’ll swap them with new stuff, and she can just use them at home. Teacher said no because someone else is already using them. My daughter’s frustrated, it sounds like the teachers frustrated, I’m frustrated, and I just want to repurchase the notebook she liked and be done with this. Maybe that makes me a bad mom, but it’s September and I’m picking my battles.

I also got another email about sending in the rest of the school supplies

I’m petty, I don’t like being told how to parent, and I’ve never had a kid in school before (outside preK). I want to put my foot down and say no, those are her supplies and when she needs replacements I will send them in *with her* to be used *by her.* I feel like it should have been communicated better so I could have prepared my daughter and avoided a lot of headaches; I know she’s had at least two tantrums at school over this. But I'm also seeing a lot of these tiktocks from teachers explaining this system so I guess it's not uncommon?

**Edit; we got a packet from the school that had a page with the school supply list for each grade on it. At the bottom of the paper it said "please do not label;" I just assumed it meant not to label the school subjects. My kids teacher never really communicated with us before the first day of school.** 

**There was no indication that supplies would be communal other than this.** 

**Edit 2; she's in 1st grade, we skipped K because COVID**eta: Nate's family is also really conservative and he was brought up like that as well. Someone mentioned I should have added this in. Also, I'm from the US since a lot of people asked..

This is so so so embarrassing but I can't take it anymore. I have to know if i'm in the wrong here. I need to apologise if so...

I (21F) was told by my bf, "Nate" (26M) that i'd get the house to myself for the weekend. He said he had to go visit his parents to take care of a property related issue. I was pretty excited to have the house to myself because I have been living with Nate since I was 19 and I missed living alone (though Nate is the loml and in no way a trouble to live with)

I had this tradition of spending a lot of my weekends baking while in my lingerie (idk it makes me feel pretty. Yes ik it's stupid but it just makes me stupid happy) with music and dancing. Super embarrassing to admit but I also do silly things like pretending i'm a Victoria's model or a singer and I sing along, loudly. I mentioned this because this means the house is usually a mess. My dresses are all over and the music is super loud which is obviously not ok. I hadn't done that in a long time because Nate hates loud music and he's not a fan of my cupcakes. So i decided to do it this weekend.

So it's Sunday and I put on 'what a feeling by One Direction' and it's super loud, i'm only wearing lingerie (the Victoria's kind so lacy af. which I regret sm looking back ugh).

My bf used his key to open the door and I didn't hear him come in because like i said, it's loud in the house and i'm also in the kitchen/living room area. Apparently he wanted to surprise me... Nate brought his mom, dad, and his sister's two kids (only like 10M think). They come in and there I am, frozen in a dance pose like an idiot.

I quickly ran to our room, yelling "Sorry, wasn't expecting anyone!" and was putting on clothes, when Nate come in. He was so angry. He said i was acting like a child and that I embarrassed him. His parents wanted Nate to drop them back asap, refusing to stay and his mom called me a lot of names and said the kids had seen 'everything' and that made me feel guilty af...

Here's why I am losing sleep over this: On one hand, I didn't know they would come. I locked the door too so I feel like I didn't do anything wrong. I planned on cleaning up my mess before Nate came home too. Also, Nate and his mom insulted me a lot.

But when you look at it from their perspective, I was behaving like an immature person. The house was a mess, I looked a mess, there were baking supplies scattered. Nate just wanted to surprise me and do something nice.

Nate is still not completely talking to me, I don't know how to face his family, and I also know his sister told him to make me behave or smn... So I feel like I should apologise before things get worse but I can't decide for sure if i'm in the wrong here so I need your help.

thank you for reading.

Tldr at bottom.

So to give some context, I (f32) have been married to my husband (m39) for 4 years. I work a full time job while he does a 3 times a week night shift. We have a 2 year old and I'm 6 months pregnant.


This whole drama started days ago. My husband has a large family. And on every Christmas they'd gather at his father's house. My father in law passed away a year ago and This year my husband decided as the man of the family to host Christmas at our house. Unbeknowest to me, he sent out invitations for a 5 day Christmas celebration to his entire family which are about 26 members in total.
I found out about by accident and I was too shocked to react. I confronted him on it and he said I shouldn't be surprised and just get used to it because after his father's death he's now the family's "head" and all major family events will be held in our house and in his presence. I freaked out and said no this is wrong and he should've talked to me first before sending out any invitations to his family knowing I have other commitments like work and taking care of the house and our son. He said we'll manage if I took time off work but that means more workload later and it'd take away from my maternity leave. I demanded he cancel the invitations but he refused saying "over my dead body" then walked out. I ended up sending a mass text to everyone who recieved an invitation explaining that we will not be hosting Christmas this year. He found out and went off on me calling my behabior outragously appalling and said that I  broke his word to his family and made him look small and with no authority. I in a very strict tone replied that I didn't sign up to host a celebration and accomadate 26 people while pregnant, taking care of a toddler and working. And I don't care if he became the head of family after his father's death because it means nothing to me. He took offense to that and walked out almost crying.


He later talked about how I disrespected his father and him with what I said and demanded a hand written apology for cancelling the event and for being insensitive towards him and underminning his authority infront of his family but I said no apology from me in any form and the issue is still up especially with my MIL giving me a stern talk about how out of line I was for disrespecting my husband's decisions regarding the holiday celebration with family.

tldr: my husband invited his family without telling me so I cancelled and he wants a formal apology.


ETA to put this out there he planned on sitting and telling stories of his dad while I handle everything and his family believe that as guests it's rude to ask them to help.

[Throwaway because he has myet main accounts password]



Hi so I've been seeing this guy "will" 27M for months now. He's so sweet and funny and creative. Fun fact: he drives 2 cars that he adjusted/fixed on his own.

We don't live together but we do meet at my place every weekend. He called and asked what we will be doing on friday and I said I wanted to host a GNI since it was my turn. He asked what the heck was a GNI I said a girls night in and he got quiet then asked if I was being series. I was confused as he started talking about how outdated and sooo 1950s those events are and said that I should stop promoting and advocating for those events as they are sooo toxic and flatout reek of misogyny. I was shocked by his long rant but he said that was his honest opinion. I told him regardless I still plan to host the event after he tried talking me out of it and suggested we go out together. He threw a fit after he suggested bringing his guy friends to join us and I refused since this is not how GNIs work!. He called me a sexist and misogynistic for having a girls night in and making it so obvious instead of being ashamed of myself. He said that my mentality will cause me issues in the future especially if I behave like that in a professional work setting. Let me tell you I was BLOWN AWAY by how he got so worked up like that over me just missing my girls and wanting to spend time with them. We argued some more and he hung up on me after I said I will not stop hosting or being part of GNIs nomatter what he says about it.

I tried to call and apologize for lashing out later but he sent a text saying he was hurt by how I handled our small disagreement and needs time to process what he just found out about my personality. This hurt me but my friendship and the bond I share with my girlfriends is huge and I don'the want to risk years of friendships by no longer being part of our bonding activities.

Aita? For making this my hill to die on like he says?As my title suggests, my mom is a huge Harry Potter nut. She and my dad actually met in a harry potter “IRC” (like Disord but for old people) in the early 00s got married had kids and from day one decided to embarrass us for life by naming us after some Harry Potter and Star Wars characters.

It’s honestly been hell. I have a stupid name and since we were little my parents have forced stuff like Harry Potter, Star Wars, marvel movies, etc etc down our throats. Everything is about dragons and magic and blah blah blah. I’m so sick of it. Every birthday every holiday everything is just organized around “fandom.”

So just like every Christmas the days leading up to Christmas we have to sit down every night and watch Harry Potter movies. It’s. So. Fucking. BORING!!!! I can usually get away with knitting or drawing on my Ipad during this but this year my mom was like “let’s just have a technology and distraction free night every night”

I arranged to go over to my friend Missy’s house instead for like two nights. Missy’s family is NORMAL and likes things a NORMAL amount. My mom got really mad and started talking about how it’s a family tradition and how I’m basically rejecting her and went on her whole thing about how “you wouldn’t exist if it wasn’t for harry potter.”

I finally had it and just yelled “NOBODY CARES THAT YOU WERE A BIG NAME IN THE HARRY POTTER FAN CLUB!!! I don’t like Harry Potter! I don’t like Star Wars! I HATE MARVEL MOVIES THEY’RE ALL SO BORING PLEASE JUST LET ME HAVE MY OWN INTERESTS!”

I couldn’t help it I started crying because I was just so frustrated because everything always has to be about harry potter this star wars that and now that we’re all older they started doing game of thrones. EVERYTHING is centered around some kind of movie or tv show or book series. 

Just onces I want my family to band around something that DOESN’T have to do with media or these nerdy things. We live in Utah where we have like 5 National Parks and even though I ask every year for my birthday I’VE NEVER EVEN BEEN TO ARCHES!!!! 

Well my sister called me saying that mom was angry and to just come home and to stop with the theatrics. I told her that I’m sick of having all this old “nerd” stuff crammed down my throat and just once I want to have a normal time watching normal Christmas movies and not having to pause for “lightsabre battles”.”

AITA?!??!

**HEY GUYS** I know you think you're "cool" and "in on the joke" wink wink when you DM me and ask me for my name, but I'm a teenage girl and that's not really how it's coming across. Please stop DMing me I don't care.

**for those of you telling me in dms "IRC didn't do fandom" it was part of a "livejournal" community. Someone in the community had a fan site they all liked. It had a chatroom. I'm sure there was other stuff too?
I wanna preface this by saying that I f34 married my husband m37 a year ago. His mom is snoopy and annoying af. She can't help it that is just how she is as my dear in laws say.


My husband and I purchased a new house recently. My MIL kept pushing to get an emergency key, She promised that she only use it in an emergency but giving the fact that she had an emergency key to our old apartment and walked in on us being intimate twice (but my husband didn't think it was big deal) I just couldn't trust her so I just sent her a fake key (after she kept pushing) and she had a smug on her face after I hand delivered it to her.


Days gone by and on Christmas dinner MIL angerily "called me out" on the fact I gave her a fake copy of the house key. She shamed me for doing this in front of everyone but in my defensive I asked her how she found out and she said days ago when she came over at 4 while my husband and were out. I reminded her "didn't you promise you wouldn't use it unless there's an emergency? So You tried to get in when there was no emergency and you broke the promise you made to us!" She looked red in the face and the other family started staring and some even laughed at her for the face she made. She suddenly got up from her seat and rushed into the kitchen where she had a huge meltdown so loud the next door neighbors must've heard - literally I've never heard a 60+ year old woman throw a tantrum like that. Needless to say dinner went awkward and my husband and his sister were giving me looks. My husband went off on me in the car and said I lied and manipulated and humiliated and exposed his mom and said he wouldn't have let me get away with it had he known. We had an argument and he is demanding I apologize to his mom for my childish behavior and for ruining Christmas dinner for the whole family.

AITA?

Eta so this went off unexpectedly and I thought I'd show my husband some pretty helpful comments I found here minutes ago but he got mad at me when he saw it and said I was nuts to talk about his family online. He demanded my phone so he could delete it but I refused and I went upstairs and into the bedroom. I never seen him so agitated and I didn't think he'd react like that honestly. But thank you guys for your support. It really means so much. I'll update if I can. Thanks again :)I'm (42m) am engaged to who I feel is "the one" (33f) - we had been dating for just over 3 years and I proposed last month.

last night - after another session of wedding planning, my fiancee asked if I would be alright with her being a stay-at-home wife. at first, I laughed because I thought she was joking, but she was being very serious. she told me not to laugh and said she wants to be a stay-at-home wife. I asked her why as we both make pretty good money at our jobs, and we can't afford our current lifestyle with just one income. she says it's because I make a lot more (which is true, I make about 40% more) than her and we could scale back our lifestyle - and said "it's been on my mind a lot - I think working 9-5 just isn't for me" I asked her if she was being serious, and she confirmed that she is.

I said that I'm not comfortable with that idea, and said maybe if we have kids she could be a stay-at-home mom but I'm not cool with her being a stay-at-home wife. and she said that I was being "manipulative". since we're both child-free. but I just said that as a hypothetical - since I'm not at all okay with being the sole 'bread-winner".

that divulged into a pretty heated argument. with her saying that I should "support her dreams" (she never stated what she wants to do with her staying at home, even though I did ask) so this is where I may be the asshole - in the heat of the moment I said "where is this coming from,  why is it your dream to be a stay-at-home wife? is it your dream to be lazy?"

she got really upset at that, and had gone to her mothers and said "we'll talk more when you calm down"

I'll be real here, I don't want her to be a stay at home wife, I'm not okay with being the sole breadwinner, and I do not wish to support this "dream" - I want a partner in life, not a dependant doing nothing productive with their days.

aita?I (f21) am vegan and have been so for for several years. I started dating "John" (m22) about three and a half months. We've gotten along wonderfully except for this past issue. When we went out to dinner for the first time I told him I was vegan when ordering my dish and he just kind of went "oh, cool" and started talking about something else. It never really came up ever again as a point of discussion, though when he's come over and I've made lunch/dinner it's always been dishes. I've never tried to actively hide this from him. When he asked what we were having I'd say things like "burgers" and I assumed that he knew it would naturally be something like impossible burgers.

For Christmas neither of us could afford to travel home and neither are very close to our families so we had Christmas at my apartment and I cooked dinner, vegan lasagna. After dinner we were watching some cooking show and a contestant was making something with fake meat. John commented how he hated when dishes pretended to be meat when it was plant based and it was deceptive and gross and he would never eat that. I was naturally very confused and pointed out that he's eaten that several times. When he questioned me I explained that dinner had been entirely vegan with fake meat and every time he's eaten at my place it's been a vegan dish.

He got really mad. I'm trying to keep this post concise but he accused me of tricking him into eating something he found disgusting and "forcing" my diet on him. I said he was stupid for being mad at this and he said it would be the same as if he had tricked me into eating meat. I said it wasn't the same because I was morally opposed to eating meat but nobody was morally opposed to eating plants. We argued some more and he left and went home. He hasn't been over since.

Yesterday I texted him trying to smooth things over and hoping he's cooled down. He wrote a few paragraphs about how betrayed he felt. He said that he hoped I understood how disappointed he felt that I would tamper with his food like that, and that something like this was a serious betrayal of his trust. He said I should have disclosed that none of the food I ever made contained meat. He finished it by saying he would come over for New Years only if I apologized for lying to him. I got frustrated and said that I didn't lie, that this wasn't something I should apologize for, and he was being stupid and childish. He hasn't replied.

tl;dr: I've been cooking vegan dishes for my boyfriend thinking he knew they were vegan when he didn't. Now he's upset and accusing me of betraying his trust and messing with his food and demanding I apologize. But also I think he may have forgotten I was vegan from the first time I told him and I never brought it up again.

edit: Thank you for the responses! I didn't expect so many comments and it would be overwhelming to respond to them individually so I'm just going to make an edit here.

No, he's never helped me cook dinner. He usually waits in the living room and sets up a music playlist and sets the table and stuff. I don't mind that much, since my apartment is small and the kitchen might get kind of cramped. I find cooking really relaxing too and tend to zone out. He doesn't ask about it other than "what are we having?" and it's not discussed that much while we eat. If he had asked where I bought the ingredients or how I've prepared it it's not like I would lie and say it was real meat. 

This is the first major fight we've had and I don't want to end such a great relationship over it, I just feel like no matter how much I try to explain my point of view he keeps trying to make me sound like a villain. I felt like I was going crazy because this is the first time he's made me feel like this. I don't think I'm going to cave and apologize for this though. If he wants to act like a baby then I think I just won't spend New Years with him. I'll just invite some of my other friends over and we'll watch Succession or something together.[removed]I've been married to my wife for 3 years. I have a 16 yo son from my previous marriage and his grandparents and I are on good terms. We've set up a joint account to contribute towards his college fund.


The problem started when my wife requested that I pull money from my son's college fund h to pay for a c-section n a private hospital.
I declined her request and refused to even negotiate. She complained about how I didn't seem to care about her or our son's wellbeing even though there was nothing to worry about in terms of health. Yes every medical procedure has it's own risks but the local frer hospitals we have are decent and offer great care. All family members and friends had their kids there. She disagreed and criticized the poor service local hospitals have and insisted that this was a big deal since it concerned both her and our son's health. I tried assuring her saying she will be fine but she argued that I have no idea what it's like and told me if I refuse to put money towards the cse then I shouldn't be surprised when she put her maiden name on our son's bc instead of my family's name. I refused as I saw no need to waste money on private hospital when we had free service and care available. She stopped bringing it up and days later she had a scheduled cs at a the local hospital and I wasn't allowed to be at the hospital and I respected her wish.

I only saw my son when she came home and I was shocked to learn she went ahead and put her maiden name on the BC. I immedietly went off on her but she said I caused this and claimed I was obviously favoring my oldest over my youngest before he was even born.
I said she was dead wrong and called her petty and vengeful for doing this purely to punish me solely for the fact that I was unable to afford a private hospital. Her family watched and she told me to step out of the room but I said we weren't finished talking. She started crying and her mom got involved and told me to step out because I was stressing her daughter out. I had an argument with her too and asked if she approves of any part of her daughter's behavior and she just shook her head telling me to calm down and give her some time to rest. She said no but I bare blame to for disregarding my wife's needs after she made them clear and pointed out that pulling some money for the private hospital wouldn't hurt but my parents disagreed and are pissed and refusing to even visit calling my wife unhinged and toxic.I don't want to ruin our relationship by doing this, and I don't want her to be upset over it, but I also don't think I'm being such TA. 

My (30sM) sister (30sF) is having her wedding at the tail-end of October, and she has decided, understandably, that she doesn't want any children to be at the wedding, which is perfectly fine. 

This, however, means that I won't be attending. 

I have three young children, 7M, 5F, 3M. As you can imagine, it's hard to find a babysitter for them on a normal day, and even if I only went to the reception, it'd be hard to find someone to watch them for such a long time. 

Plus, I don't want to leave the kids. I would have to buy a tux and drive over three hours to get to the venue, and it just isn't worth it. As you can imagine considering that I'm posting here, my sister is angry because of it. 

She thinks I'm being selfish and just using the kids as an excuse not to go, we did get into a big fight about it and we're both angry about it now.[removed]


Hi. I (f, 33) am getting married come october to my fiance Derek. Wedding planning went okay but as soon as we started sending out invitations the problems began coming our way. Thing is Derek and I decided the wedding would be childfree, it wasn't out the blue and this possibility was there.

I have a 42-yrs-old brother Paul who's married but he and his wife suffered from several miscarriages and faild pregnancies during their marriage. They finally were blessed with a son that everyone calls a miracle and a rainbow baby. My nephew is 4-yrs-old and everyone salutes him and treat him as a king and also turn blind eye to any misbehaviors he has which caused him to become loud, distructive, out of control and punish-less.


When Paul recieved the invitation and found out out kids weren't included he and mom lost it and decided on an urgent meeting with me and Derek. Paul said "my son is an exception, right?" I said no and this rule is to be followed by everyone. He argued that I was making a mistake by excluding my nephew. He and mom went on about how he's a miracle since he's their rainbow baby/grandbaby then Paul said he had no problem with my wedding being child free but expects me to make an exception for his son. He explicitly said " you can have your "child free wedding" but you're gonna have to make an exception for my son and you know why".

Derek apologized and said we won't since our friends and my inlaws had kids too but now have to leave them home and arrange for babysitters and advised him to do the same. Paul was offended and said if his son isn't invited then he won't come and gave us an ultimatum to drop out if we don't edit his invitation. That caused my family to freak out because Paul is the only and oldest sibling I have and they said his presence at the wedding is a must.

I had an argument with mom and dad who said the fact I'm choosing this to be my hill to die on and treating Paul and my nephew like that was appaling. They emphasized how my nephew is especial and I should be ashamed to exclude him even when the wedding is child free.

My parents said if Paul won't come they won't come either which devastated me a lot and caused me to break down. Derek said they were the ones being unreasoable and disrespectful of our wedding and we should wait maybe they'll come around eventually but they've doubled down. This morning my aunt and uncle dropped out as well as my other uncle last week. Paul told everyone and they're supporting him and won't come unless I make an exception for my nephew but that will upset my guests and they'll call me hypocrite. My family is divided saying I'm ruining my own wedding basically saying this is all on me.

ETA because I see this question asked a lot.

My family have normalized this behavior from Paul and also his wife. Whenever I point out how unacceptable it is to expect everyone to cater to my nephew and his parents, Paul would chime in with "she's jeeeealous" because he and his wife have a kid while I can't/don't (I was married before meeting Derek and divorced my ex husband for my inability to have kids but that's another story).My (22F) boyfriend (24M) is an avid outdoorsman. He grew up camping and hiking often. I, on the other hand, did not. I think I went camping once when I was a little kid and sat in my grandma’s RV pouting the entire time. 

My boyfriend and I have now been dating for 6 months and as our little “anniversary” present, my boyfriend wanted to take me to his favorite hiking spot. We live in a warmer state, so hiking this time of year isn’t abnormal. I was a little nervous about it, but agreed because I definitely see him as the person I’m gonna marry, which means adapting to his lifestyle as well. 

So we went on a sunrise hike up a mountain that was a little over an hour away from us. The hike was just over 3 miles total and wasn’t too difficult for beginners. Before going, my boyfriend gave me the safety run down and pushed that I drink a ton of water. 

When we got to the trailhead, I needed to pee slightly and mentioned to my boyfriend finding the bathroom at the beginning of the trailhead (which I believed to be just around this little hill) he brushed it off though and suggested we get going so we don’t miss the most beautiful part of the sunrise, so I agreed. 

During the first half of the hike, my boyfriend kept pushing for me to drink water to the point where I felt like I was gonna throw up (and my bladder was gonna explode). When we got to the best part of the hike, we sat there for a few minutes before I mentioned heading back down because at this point I reallyyyyy needed to find that bathroom. 

My boyfriend insisted we stay for a few more minutes until I finally dragged him up. Listen, I’ve never peed outside my entire life. But I must’ve drank so much water my bladder just couldn’t take it. Before we even made it back down, I knew I was about to pee my pants. I kept mentioning it to my boyfriend and he kept comforting me, saying it was okay, saying I can make it. 

Unfortunately, I could not make it. I apologized profusely but told him I had to duck behind a big rock a little ways off the trailhead to pee or I was going to pee my pants. He was angry, scoffed and huffed as I asked him to stand watch, but instead he just stood by the trail, angry as ever. And to make matters worse, an older couple that was cutting through some of the brush walked right by me, but didn’t say anything. 

So yeah, my boyfriend is understandably furious with me, not only for exposing myself on our hike, but also for rushing our beautiful view. This is his favorite hiking spot and I ruined it. I feel terrible, but I also feel like it was something that I couldn’t control. AITA? 

TL:DR Peed outside for the first time with my boyfriend on his favorite hiking trail and now he’s furious with me because he can’t ever go back there.

Edit: I will be breaking up with him

Here's the situation;

I m27 have been with my girlfriend f24 for 7 months. We don't live together and she has sleep-overs at my place regularly.

2 days-ago, She spent the night at my place and in the morning while I was sleeping in she got up, got dressed, took my credit-Card and went grocery shopping with it. I woke up to a massive breakfast made by her as a surprise and when I asked how she got money and time to prepare all that she told me she took my Credit-Card while I was sleep and headed to the super-market to get the stuff she needed to make me a suprise breakfast. I was stunned I asked why she didn't ask before taking my Credit-Card and she said I was sleeping and she didn't want to bother me besides that she wanted this to be a surprise. I just stared and said " I don't know, You do realize you technically stole from me when you took my Credit-Card and went shopping with it with-out my consent, right?". She looked at me in complete shock and confusion and said that she was just trying to do something nice for me and I just implied that she was a thief. I just shrugged and said it was technically true. She was so upset she got and stormed out the kitchen crying. She collected her stuff and left after she said she spent time and effort to prepare me break-fast and I was out of line to say she stole from me just because she forgot her wallet at home. She kept hanging up when I tried calling her and later sent me money for the stuff she bought although she didn't take anything with her.

My sister came over and when I told her she called me an ungrateful jerk with no manners to react this way after this display of affection by my girlfriend. She suggested I get over myself and apologize as soo as possible but I decided to take my time. AITA?
Me [F34] And my husband [M33] live in a 2 bedr apartment. He started recently attending online therapy. Reasons? No reason in particular. no losing family member, no recent traumas or accidents he just says he feels too overwhelmed with work (he works a demanding job but I won't mention it because I don't want him to be judged for it) he wanted to let off some steam and attend therapy. I 100% encouraged him and said 'go for it. However these therapy sessions have been happening for a period of 3 months. And he'd have 2 sessions in just one day. He says he found another therapist which's illogical to me but anyway. he'd stay in the bedroom for hours on end preventing me from coming in. I'm talking 3 to 4 hrs a day and Whenever I walk into the bedroom which was only twice the laptop gets slammed shut and my husband would just stare at me confused. I pointed out how rude it was to do this to his therapist(s) and he agressively replied that what's really rude is the way I barge in while he's trying to have his therapy session. He told me if I walk in one more time he will take matters into his own hands.


Yesterday I had an emergency and had to get inside the bedroom to get my pad pack which I keep in my closet. I kept knocking but he didn't answer so I walk in quietly but he immediately shuts his laptop and looks enraged then says "oh so we doin' this??? Okay" then he gets off his chair and starts lashing out saying "I'm struggling here and you don't even pretend to give a shit anymore!!! it's called privacy and you should respect that! NOW get out!!!". I get out and he locks the door. I was fuming at this point but managed to get my pad before he kicked me out. Out of respect I waited til his session was over and started arguing with him about how utterly bad it was of him to lock me out of the room that's supposed to be a. shared. space.  between us. He said he had to lock me out because of my barging/snooping and continuous disrespect of his privacy. I straightup said he needed to start having his therapy sessions somewhere else since it's not okay for him to keep the bedroom busy for 4hrs. That's just too much!!!. He said I could go in and take whatever I need before he locks the door but I won't take all my stuff out that is not logical to me. I told him he could take his laptop and really go anywhere else wether in the apartment, coffeshop, car or even the parking lot! He shamed me and said this is his apartment too and that I was being negative and disrespectful instead of supportive and understanding of his situation

We've been arguing about it for hours til now. 

Now I'm leaving this to you. Am i wrong for asking him that?.

Edit#

One I'd like to clarify that it's not everyday but multiple days a week. And two some of you here guessed what his work is and I agree that he could use some therapy and I supported him when he first started and also suggested the other room since he's a very private person and has issues opening up about whatever struggle he's dealing with. Still he thinks I'm not helping and causing him more stress and anxiety.


I f25 moved away from my town and to my husband's m32 hometown after we got married. The main reason is because he suffers from a medical chronic condition and needs to be near his family.

I was pregnant with our first baby and was nearing my due date when my husband had to travel out of town for work for 2 weeks. Because of this he couldn't be with me in the delivery room which wasn't expected. I wanted to ask mom to come be with me but he assured me that his family are there to help and I shouldn't be worried. He then made me promise that I don't let anyone see our son for the first time in person before him besides his stepmom who was supposed to be there for me and I agreed.

His stepmom was with me when I went into labor but she stayed away since she is the type that doesn't get too involved and keeps her distance. She's also the "I don't do diapers" type meaning she doesn't offer help with the baby and I shouldn't be expecting it. She dropped me and my son off at home and asked that I only call if there's an emergency. I felt helpless I asked my neighbor for few favors but needed real help with the baby so I called my mom (she new I'd just given birth) and asked if she could come help me and she drove 4 hours to come stay with me. She helped out tremendously and I'm so so grateful for that.


My husband stayed away for few more days then came home. Once he saw my mom he got so upset repeatedly saying I broke the promise that I made him by not letting others meet our son before him and I explained that I needed help and he brought up his stepmom but I replied that she dropped me off and left that's it. Besides, he and mom are on good terms I didn't get why he was mad she met her grandbaby which was inevitable. He said it wasn't about mom since it could've been anybody else but it was about me disrespecting his wishes and breaking the promise I made. He reminded me that he's also the parent and he gets a say too. at this point I said he was overreacting but he replied that I forever tainted the memory of his son's birth and broke his trust and proved to him that my word "is worth shit" now. Mom tried to give us space but I said she did nothing wrong she came to help after his stepmom left so I can't be blamed for asking for help. He told me to stop giving him excuses and admit I wronged him with what I did and then started avoiding me and just kept focusing his attention on our son. He keeps acting cold towards me calling me a selfish promise breaker and expecting me to make it up to him.
he wanted an apology but I haven't given him that yet.

AITA?

Eta We did talk to each other on the phone several times and he already knew that his stepmom refused to stay with me and told me to just call if something happens but I didn't tell him about calling me mom knowing how he'd react and decided to wait til he got home so we could talk about it.[removed]Hi everyone. On Mobile. Merry Christmas! 

First things first, I (24F) have been dating “Kyle” (25M) for two months now. He has started to spend the night. 

Kyle never grew up with pets, so my cat has been an “adjustment” to him (his words). My cat “Crumb” (4M) is the most important aspect in my life right now. Like most cat parents, he rules the household. We are very close, since I found him abandoned on the side of the road (as a 3mo old kitten) and nursed him back to health. 

Crumb is very docile, but hasn’t shown any affection or really interest in Kyle. I don’t force it. Crumb does as he does. 

Lately, Kyle has been complaining about Crumb. I guess he walked into my bathroom to see Crumb rubbing his face against my toothbrush (I have one of the electric ones that stands). He was shocked and told me how disgusting it was. I laughed and said “yeah that’s not great.” He demanded I get a new toothbrush (expensive) and I said no. I just put the toothbrush in a drawer. 

Next, Kyle says he doesn’t like my nightly routine with Crumb. I give Crumb a kiss on the head, stomach and then face before he goes to sleep. He sleeps on my bedside table in a cat bed. If I don’t do this routine, he lays on me until I do. I know that’s annoying, but that’s how it has always been and I love doing it. 

Well Kyle says I am unhygienic because of this. He says Crumb is dirty (he is inside only and I brush him every day) and even letting him sleep in the bedroom is gross and gets fur everywhere (it doesn’t, but Kyle isn’t even allergic so). I told him that I put the toothbrush away, but he told me that I took it as a joke and didn’t punish Crumb. I tried to explain that you can’t punish cats (nor would I want to in this scenario), but he wouldn’t hear it. He then went on to say that me kissing Crumb is disgusting, especially his face, and he wouldn’t ever kiss me if I kissed Crumb again. He asked me to put Crumb outside the room when he is over, or lock him in a “crate.” 

So I said, “okay bye.” Not only is Crumb 10000x more important to me, but I laughed in Kyle’s face about never kissing my cat again/keeping him locked.

This is where I may be the AH. Kyle told me that I was ruining our future and how mean I am for laughing at his concerns. I felt guilty so I asked a group of my friends and they were split. The pet owners laughed, the non-pet owners said I am in the wrong for not making Kyle feel more comfortable. They said that Kyle wasn’t asking me to get rid of Crumb, just compromise with him. They said I was being kinda gross and understand his concerns. 

TLDR; Bf doesn’t like me kissing cat. I said it wasn’t going to stop and laughed at him. He and friends call me insensitive and gross.

EDIT: [Cat tax! ](https://www.reddit.com/user/AITA_shower/comments/rodzsg/mr_crumb_cat_tax/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)  hopefully I did this right

EDIT 2: Woah! I didn’t expect this to blow up at all!! I am reading everything, even if I don’t reply. I asked Kyle if we could talk tomorrow (since we aren’t speaking) and he said yes. I’ll let you know how it goes! ❤️🐈‍⬛ Thank you for all the input!

EDIT 3: [More Cat Tax, as requested](https://www.reddit.com/user/AITA_shower/comments/rohsz7/more_crumbles/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

I F35 wanna begin by saying that in every holiday me and my husband M33 (we both work decent jobs) set separate budgets for gifts. He uses his own money to buy gifts and I do the same.

We've been married for almost a year (together for 3) this is our first christmas as married couple. He mafe a list of every person he wanted to buy a gift for. I stumbled upon this list by accident and out of curiousity decided to take a look.


I found that he's friends/co works were on top of his list with gifts that cost over 5000 total. For example: he got an $600 wristwatch for his co worker, a $250 bracelet for his sister inlaw, and a $900 workout gear for his friend. There was more but that's all I could remember. What made me upset was that when I got to my name I saw that he bought me a $20 something kitchen spoon set (stainless steel). I was too shocked to ignore this and I had a confrontation with him about it. He argued that A. It's his money he's the one paying so I should not control that. And B. His co workers/friends are important to him and he's known them for ages. C. He said a gift should ne appreciated nomatter what it cost. I argued that he was disrespecting me and dismissing my feeling with the gift he chose to get me not to mention that I spend a lot of money for his gifts to buy him his favorite shoe/gaming brands but he got upset and said I was acting like an ungrateful, spoiled brat and urged me to get rid of this attitude and accept what I'm giving. The argument got worse and we stopped talking to each other.


He still says I'm being ridiculous with my overreaction and should stop. Did I overreact? 

I (28F) do babysitting on the weekends to make some babysitting on the weekends to make extra cash. There is one family I definitely should've fazed out by now but the kids are cute and if I don't have another job, it's easy money. My issue is, the mom is never home on time. She used to not give me return times but finally I started asking as it made it impossible to get anything done on the weekends. I'd go babysit so she could go to "brunch" but she'd be gone from 11 AM to 7 PM. My whole day was gone. After that, she'd start giving me times but never stick to them. She wouldn't even call to tell me, she'd just stay out.

On Saturday, I got to her house at 6 and she was supposed to be home by 9. I told her she needed to be on time because I had plans to go out with friends. I was even getting ready at their house after I put the kids to be. She promised. Of course, 9:00 rolls around and she's not home. I call her, no response. Text, no response. Another hour. Nothing. Still calling and texting. Finally, it is midnight. By this point, my plans are long ruined but I'm pissed and exhausted. I call her and leave a voicemail saying if she's not home in the next hour, I'm considering the kids abandoned and calling the cops. I also text her this. I try calling her 30 minutes later and it goes to voicemail on the second ring, I text her again and she leaves me on read. If she had reached out saying "Hey, I'm staying out until x time", I would've stayed. I don't know any of her family nor the father of the kids so I can't call them. I gave her a grace period of 15 minutes and tried calling again, finally called the cops (non-emergency line). They showed up and I showed our agreement in text from earlier in the week confirming that she'd be home by 9. They try contacting her, didn't answer. I was dismissed and they took the children to the police station. I go home and go to bed.

I am awoken at 3 AM by a frantic call. It's her. Where are the kids? Why am I not here? I tell her I followed through on my threat, check the police station. She cursed me out, I hung up and went to bed.

The next day, she sends me an essay saying the kids' father was called and there's a DCF investigation launched against her. She called me every name under the sun but I didn't think I was wrong until I spoke to a friend with kids. She said I should've just waited it out and refuse to ever sit for her again. She asked if her potentially losing her kids was worth me being petty.[removed]I f25 am getting married to my fiance "Kevin" next month. My family love Kevin and Kevin loves them. However, my mom is the "brutally honest" type who constantly dish out her opinions and thought on what people wear, how they look, how well off they are... Mostly negative, tasteless, backhanded comments. She says she can't help it and that no one should be offended when she's just being honest.


When she met Kevin, she kept making comments about him, his car, his degree etc. With time and strict conversations I was able to get her to show some respect. But she kept annoying Kevin by constantly talking about his hairless face (his face is clean he doesn't have a beard or mustache which he can be very insecure about, he comes from Irish origins so he's white, he has no facial hair while I'm hispanic) mom made jokes with her husband about how "unmanly" it is to not be able to grow a beard or a mustache. Those comments hurt Kevin so much. I had as very very stern conversation with her and she said "oh I didn't realize those remarks were offending him I was just teasing him" or "you know me I'm just giving my humble, honest opinion so he shouldn't take it personal and should learn that this is how I am". She ended up sincerely apologizing to Kevin and we left it at that.

As the wedding is approaching. Mom decided to give Kevin a wedding gift and also to let him know how sorry she was for her past behavior. She invited the whole family for dinner and decided it was the perfect time to hand Kevin his wedding gift. He thanked her but she insisted that he open it right there and then and show everyone what she got him since she knew him that well already. He opened the box and found a set of shaving tools with a shaving cream. Kevin stopped for a sec and kept staring at the gift. My stepdad took it and showed everyone then mom and others started laughing while stepdad kept saying " you get the joke Kev? You get it?". And my brother running around the table laughing with everyone. Kevin got up and walked out. I was so mad I lost it on mom asking why she did that and humiliated Kevin infront of everyone. She told me to relax she was just messing with him but I said she knew how he felt about this topic and demanded she apologize but she said no since she wasn't responsible for his reaction and thought he was going to laugh along. I angrily said " no apology, no wedding invitation, period" then walked out. She freaked out calling try to say we overreacted to a joke and my brother said I was crazy to exclude mom from my wedding over something so stupid. he said Kevin should get over it since it was a joke but I refused to send an invitation and withheld until/unless she apologizes. They think I'm unreasonable choosing this to be my hill to die on and called me disrespectful for how I treated my mom.

* I'd like to point out that my brother and stepdad and uncle sometimes take part in teasing Kevin. My brother (who's 31 years old) would sometimes either brag about his goatee mustache infront of Kevin or tell an indirect silly joke about this topic wich would irritate Kevin and just spoil any family gathering we have. But mom is the one who started this whole campaigne and I've already had conversations with her about it.

* Kevin is American but has Irish origins.[removed][removed]I'm going to start my post by saying that I don't have kids and I have no experience with babies or motherhood or children. I'm 18 and beyond being around them in group settings where at least one of the parents and a ton of other people are around that's it. Just for some context to my post. 

My brother's wife had a baby 17 days ago. I didn't go visit them yet but my brother and SIL sent me some pictures. My brother said our cousin Rachel was around a lot because my SIL is having trouble breastfeeding and Rachel is a big believer in it and is helping her. I offered to help them if I needed it and on Saturday they asked me to go to grocery store for them because no home delivery had an open spot.

When I dropped the food off I was shocked at how bad my SIL looked. She literally looked like the walking dead. Barely awake and not showered and she was actually crying because she was so frustrated. It actually scared me how bad she looked. At first I didn't want to butt in but it bothered me so much I went back to the store and got a can of baby formula. I figured it would give her a break and my niece could eat.

It was even worse when I gave it to my SIL because I said it was no big deal if my niece got formula, it wasn't a problem. My SIL broke down and I was honestly scared because she was weeping. Like in the movies when someone dies kind of weeping. No one told her it was okay not to breastfeed. She felt so guilty because of Rachel butting in and no one telling her formula was okay.

I actually ripped my brother a new one because he sat back while my SIL suffered. There was no way he didn't see how bad she looked (no offense but she looked terrible). I got my SIL to shower after my niece ate and fell asleep and I changed the sheets on the bed and told my SIL to sleep while my niece slept and I said I would get more baby formula. 

I thought I did the right thing because my SIL actually stopped crying, showered and slept and the next three days she looked better and didn't cry again. My niece gets full. My idiot brother smartened up and told Rachel to stay away and everyone else especially our parents and SILs parents to butt out. They take turns feeding so they both can sleep.

My parents and Rachel are furious at me. SILs sister was in agreement with Rachel and left me an angry voicemail full of swearing. Rachel basically had SIL holding the baby while topless 24/7 and my dumbass brother sat there and didn't help with the baby at all. Rachel breastfed all her kids until they could walk and talk and never had problems but my SIL obviously did. My dad said I overstepped and should not have butted in. Normally I'm big on MYOB but this time I was scared shitless after seeing SIL on Saturday.

Since I'm not a mother or baby expert I have no idea what it is like with a newborn. I'm second guessing now after feeling like I did the right thing because everyone is angry with me and say I should MYOB.
I (f27) have been with my fiance for 2 years. He's 32, divorced doctor and lived in another town but we moved in together 7 months ago and got engaged. Unlike my exes, he's a decent, level-headed guy though he can be a bit overdramatic when it comes to financials.

Growing up I've always dreamed  of what my wedding dress will look like. I went wedding dress shopping with friends although my fiance wanted to go with me like he always does but of course he couldn't. I purchased a really really nice wedding dress that I instantly fell in love with. It is perfect in every aspect and it only cost $400 that's a great deal since wedding dress tend to be expensive here. When I got back and was so thrilled my fiance asked to see it then asked how much it cost. When I told him he was in dismay and started complaining saying I wasted that much money on a colorless dress that I'll wear for just few hours and should've bought a 150$ dress or less. I said no wedding dresses are huge deal to every bride. He argued about how weddings and everything that come with them are just part of the laws our society keeps enforcing on us and that only smart brides save money instead of blowing it all on... a dress.
I replied that I didn't appreciate how he belittled my joy with the dres and he said he didn't think he is entering a marriage with a financially responsible woman which is a huge problem and demanded I fix my mistake and return the dress and get a cheaper one asap. I said that was ridiculous since I worked and paid for the dress with my money and also I care about the type of wedding dress I want to wear in my big day and every bride want to look their best in their dream wedding dress he obviously has no idea. He laughed at me asking if I was even listening to myself talking like a spoiled 
16 year old about her "future dream wedding". He said I was wrong for not consulting him about the dress before buying it otherwise we wouldn't even be having this discussion. Long story short I refused to return it and he pitched a fit calling me irresponsible and childish for being okay with blowing that much money on a dress even though we're doing well financially but he was having none of it. He left after saying I have xyz days to return the dress and we'll talk. He texted saying he doesn't understand how I'm choosing a dress over him and acting inconsiderate of his feelings since he's the one I'm marrying and not the Goddamn dress.

He hasn't talked to me since then and keeping redirecting my messages and calls. AITA?
I m33 lost my 27 year old brother to cancer a couple of months ago. We were so close and had a lot in common. He was a gamer and had all types of gaming gear including a gaming chair that he wanted me to have before he died. It's devastating because we were really hoping and had plans to spend Christmas 2021 together. This chair I consider special because it was my brother's favorite of all gear and it remindes me of him whenever I sit in it (I don't play anymore) It just brings me closer to him to a degree I can not explain and it brings me so much comfort.


I keep the chair in my office and days ago I found out that my fiancee who has been out of job and complaining about no longer being able to attend the gym took the chair and sold it online to be able to pay for her next month's gym membership. When I found out I flipped out hugely and had a very negative reaction. She told me that she was desperate for money and after selling all she had she had no choice but to sell the chair. I reminded her of who this chair belongs to but she said I already have tons of keepsakes from my brother and so I shouldn't act like it was the end of the world. She also vented about her past eating disorders and her anxiety when it comes to keeping fit and claimed I was dismissing that she is struggling. I yelled at her and called her inconsiderate and selfish and told her she should have never ever took and sold any of my stuff for a gym membership when she literally could-ve kept working out from home. She started crying as we argued then she went to stay with her mom who tried to give me a stern talk about my attitude and but I didn't answer that and haven't been talking to my fiancee since then. Things haven't got better and I got called overdramatic for reacting and treating my fiancee like that over a gaming chair. I feel guilty because I've never yelled at her in my life before.

AITA? Was I too hard on her?

Some said I went overboard because this is a gaming chair and it was bit childish of me to make a fuss over it but I already explained why I had this reaction aside from the fact that money is an issue we already have.

EDIT because I feel like I should add more of her side to the conflict: she told me if say I was struggling and needed money and sold some item she had then she wouldn't be mad at me but I'm not sure since I'd never do such thing but still she insisted that nomatter what I do she'll always be supportive and understanding just like I should be supportive and understanding of her struggle right now. That made me feel horrible because she had a breakdown and cried because of me.

EDIT Some asked about her age. She's 31 years old and we've been together for 7 years. I'm sorry for not including that earlier on. I'll answer any further questions when I have the time.Full disclosure, I do eat meat, eggs, and dairy. That being said I'm lazy and prepping and cooking meat takes more work than I'm willing to do a lot of the time, so I've built up a pretty okay repertoire of vegetarian and vegan meals. That's why I volunteered to cook last night for a small family dinner even though I would normally never. Love my mom to bits but if the first step isn't browning a pound of ground beef, she's a little lost on what to make.

This is all a thing because my brother has recently gotten engaged to a vegan woman. None of us have really spent a lot of time with her due to pandemics and generally having our own lives. The time I have spent with her has been perfectly nice. I'd thought this would also be perfectly nice.

So I did my best. I put together a dijon vinaigrette salad, pasta tossed with roasted asparagus and cherry tomatoes, and because this is America where carb on carb doesn't have to be just a dream, some bread I fucking vetted to make sure it didn't have milk or eggs in it. She could eat every single thing served.

At least I thought so. We sit down, plates are dished, she has questions. Whatever, fair enough. I can imagine that she's been in situations where things seemed safe to eat but surprise, there's honey in the salad dressing or something. Reassurances are made, I did my homework but...she has other complaints. You roasted the veggies in olive oil? There's olive oil in the salad dressing? The pasta isn't whole wheat? This is white bread? Yes. Vegan, all of it, but not stripped down to as few calories as possible. Anddddd now she won't eat, just sat there and tore one of the rolls up into tiny pieces until the table was cleared.

My brother texted me later that night about how fucked up it was that she had to go home hungry, and this is where I may be the asshole. I replied something in the effect of saying I thought I had to cook to accommodate veganism, not an eating disorder. He told me to go fuck myself, which again, fair. Now I imagine a cold war is brewing and mom is inevitably going to get sucked in. I also could have tried to make something healthier, though I don't think what was served was that bad. AITA?
My M46 daughter (16) is a highschool junior. I noticed recently that she's been behaving in a bad manner constantly commenting on other people's looks, belongings, calling them stuff that isn't cool and just being  insensitive. It's like she lost a filter or something because usually she's polite but my wife suspected that our daughter's sudden misbehavior occurred after she started hanging out with new girls from the school. Basically the mean type and have picked on their behavior. I've sat with my daughter and had many discussions about how her behavior has been negatively affecting everyone around her. Our housemaid is the person most affected here and my daughter has chosen her to be her target for hair, clothes, "etiquette" criticism. She has complained about our daughter calling her offensive names like filthy and gross for cleaning certain areas in our house. I took a stand and explicitly told my daughter I'd punish her if she ever said stuff like that to our housemaid again.


Last week my daughter had a party to go to, earlier that day she called our housemaid "filthy" so I grounded her by not letting her go to the party. She threw a fit and called our housemaid a liar saying she never called her that. That was the end of it.

Days later my daughter came to me saying she couldn't find her iPhone after looking everywhere. She asked me to call her number and I did. My wife and I were stunned to discover that the iphone was ringing inside our housemaid's bag. I had an confrontation with her immediately and she denied and cried saying she never touched the phone nor had any idea how it got there. I noticed my daughter calling her theif repeatedly so I told her to stop and go to her room. I checked the indoor camera before continuing the argument and saw my daughter place her iphone inside our housemaid's bag, I was livid. I apologized to the housemaid and gave her the rest of the day off. I then showed the video to my daughter and she was absolutely speechless. I said what she did was immoral and straight up offensive to tamper with that poor woman's livelihood over a petty party she couldn't go to. I told her she was grounded and will have to spend the night in the backyard (she is a germaphobe) but she cried begging me to not make her sleep with the dirt, insects and hot temp. I refused to discuss it or I'd make it 2 nights. My wife said I should go easy on her but I said calling people filthy and accusing them of stealing wasn't ok in fact it was the absolute worst, I then went through with my punishment. 


**The reason I chose this punishment was because of the fact that my daughter says she is a germaphobe and use this as excuse to insult others hygiene and appearance, our backyard has dirt and bugs in it and this kind of things get her uncomfortable but other than that the backyard is 100% safe**





**Question/ why doesn't she clean up and do house chores as punishment instead?**.


**because I've already tried this punishment before and it didn't work because she deliberately stopped eating for days to get out of it, and ended up in the emergency department for low blood pressure**My wife and I have a two month old daughter, Alicia. We've been having the piercing debate since before she was born. She comes from a culture where it's the normal thing, but I'm just not comfortable with a painful process like that and would prefer to wait until she's older so she can choose whether to go through that for herself. 

While we still hadn't made a decision, my wife went for a day with her family with the baby while I had a few things I needed to sort out. 

When I got home the first thing I noticed was that Alicia had a pair of gold studs. I demanded to know what had happened and she said they decided to "make a day of it" and just get them done. I felt pure rage and immediately removed the earrings and threw them away. This enraged my wife and she said removing them was "totally disrespectful". 

She slept in the spare room last night and isn't speaking to me at all. 

As far as I'm concerned I did the right thing. She got them pierced without asking me (or more importantly, ASKING ALICIA), so I took them out, because our baby doesn't need bits of metal sticking out of her ears. 

AITA?My father and mother had a very bitter marriage towards the end of his life, he had a long running affair with another married co-worker and got her pregnant before he passed. He was planning to leave mom, skip the country and move to Canada to start a new life with her. They had a house picked out and all. 

He had moved out and was living with his co-worker when he suddenly died of a heart attack while having sex. Divorce papers were never filed, no legal separation. They were in the process of moving all things legal. But on paper, they were still happily married. 

Now me and my siblings are already out of home, our youngest sibling is 19 and is in college. I work for a tech company and I'm currently back in my hometown helping my mom manage his estate. 

Well, my mom was hurt and petty and marked his gravestone as "In loving memory of John Doe, son, husband, father and adulterer."

My dad's family and his pregnant partner are mad and want me to fix it. 

I personally think its fine, that's who he was. He was all of those things. And since it's my mom's plot, I can't do anything. 

AITA?I 28F used to be quite overweight, over the last year or so I have made many changes in my life and have successfully lost almost 100lbs. I don't live close to any of my family and don't post on social media so my family wasn't really aware of my weight loss. I did mention that I was making healthier choices but that's it. It's just that every time before that I've tried to lose weight it hasn't worked out so I didn't want anyone commenting on it.

My sister 26F got engaged last year and I'm super happy for her. Due to circumstances, the wedding had to be pushed back a little. It's happening a week from now and because I haven't seen everyone in so long I decided to come down two weeks earlier to help out and catch up. Well, when I came to see my family my sister freaked out upon seeing me. As it turns out she has gained a bit of weight not super noticeable to me she still looks great. But I think this is the first time in our lives that I'm smaller than her I've always been the "fat sister". She basically accused me of trying to upstage her and my parents are fully taking her side. I'm really not sure if I'm in the wrong here as so many of my family are taking her side of things.

AITA for losing weight before my sister's wedding?


I f36 have always been into jewelry. I used to own of variety of jewelry sets but due to unfortunate circumstances most of them had to go so I could afford rent after I lost my job. My husband never got lucky to land a job since 2013. Thankfully now I have a stable job that gets us by from month to month.


I also kept one set of jewelry which is the most valuable wether momentarily and/or sentimentally since it's part of family herilom. The set includes a pair of earings - a bracelet and - a necklace. All gold material and again they are worth decent amount of money. My BIL has been with then gilfriend for 10 years and they recently got married. It was a huge deal for the family. My husband wanted to get them a decent wedding gift and tried borrowing money from friends and neighbors but got turned down. He kept stressing out about it for weeks and just the other day (the wedding was days prior and the groom and bride are off to their honeymoon) I discovered that my jewelry set was gone. I freaked after my husband nonchantly said he gifted it to his brother's wife as a wedding gift. I was fuming I asked how could he and he replied that he had no money and nothing of value to give the newly weds and besides that that set has been sitting in the closet since July, 2019 and I never wore any piece of it so he figured I'd forgotten about it but he said he'll figure a way to pay me or get me a similar one once he starts working but I very loudly told him andolutely not and gave him 3 days, just 3 days to return the set or I'll stop paying for everything in the apartment. He looked puzzled like he couldn't believe I was serious. He said he doesn't want to cause an issue but I said it's already there  and if he doesn't want issues all he has to do is contact his brother or his wife and retrieve the set or go get it himself. He tried to twist the argument and offer the same solutions as mentioned above but I refused I said I just want my set back and he has 3 days only. He kept talking about how tasteless and disrespectful it'd be for him to retreive a wedding gift and said this will damage his relationship with his brother and family and also how impossible it was to retreive the set in 3 days when the couple are on their honeymoon in another country.

AITA for this? He said I was financially abusing him by threatening to stop paying for anything knowing I'm the breadwinner. Also he refused to give me their new contact info to retreive the set myself.[deleted]I (32m) have been married to my wife (33f) for close to five years. We have two children (3m, 1.5f). 

When we got married we both had jobs. However maybe about a year after we were married my wife tearfully confessed to me that she was miserable at her job and wanted to quit. She told me that her boss was treating her like garbage and that she woke up every morning wanting to vomit. She legitimately seemed dejected and so I told her to quit and to find another job where she would be treated better.

She quit. I expected her to go out and start looking for something else but she didn't seem too eager. Whenever I gently brought it up she responded "I'm just trying to figure out my next move. Stop pressuring me." Not long after she got pregnant with our son, and then while he was still very young she got pregnant with our daughter. A few months after she was born when I asked my wife what her plans were job-wise she finally just said "I don't want to go back to work. You make enough for us to get by. Just let me be a wife and mother." I told her that I was concerned that I \*don't\* actually make enough to give our family as good of a life as I'd like but she insisted that we can make it work.

I have to admit; she's probably a model homemaker and mom. When I wake up for work in the morning there is always freshly brewed coffee and breakfast waiting for me. The house is always clean and other than yardwork and repairs I basically don't have to do anything around the house. And she is a great mother to our kids. I am quite lucky in many ways.

However, money is WAY tighter than I'd like. We are barely saving anything and I'm not even able to meet my employer's match on my 401K in order to have enough for us to get by. We are living lean; eating beans and rice for dinner a couple times a week, etc. I don't feel as if I signed up for this. We were both working when we got married and I never thought we'd have to live on just my income. I've tried to talk to her about going back to work--even part time--to help our financial situation several times but she just won't hear it.

Recently when I was going through our expenses I saw that we were signed up for five streaming services. I kept Hulu and Netflix because they had more child-based programming for our son and our daughter when she gets a little older but cancelled HBO and Discovery Plus because they are pretty exclusively for adults. I kept Shudder because it's cheap and I like horror. When I told my wife about it she got angry and said that I should have talked to her first; that she had shows she was watching on both of the services I'd cancelled. I just responded "Well, get a job and you can pay for them then."

She hated that. I think it was fair but she obviously doesn't see it that way. AITA?[deleted]My (25F) father married my step-sister's (23F) mother when I was 4 and she was 3. We've lived together most of our lives and are a family. She and I were extremely close.

She developed cancer when she was 14 and was sick for about 2 years. She's since made a full recovery. During that time, my parents became understandably over-protective. They also asked a lot of me. I quit my extracurriculars so I could get a job (the money went towards her medical bills) and so I could drive her to appointments. I didn't go to dances and any fun activities I did needed to include her. I did almost all of this willingly, the exception being having to quit my high school volleyball team - I did throw a bit of a tantrum about that, but was swiftly punished. And I think having one emotional breakdown was pretty chill given the circumstances.

Anyhow, I go to college and meet my ex, we'll call him Ben, when I'm a junior. We fall in love, blah blah blah. He and I move in together when we graduate, so we've been living together for about 3 years. We were serious until July when I walked into my bedroom and saw him fucking my sister.

I broke it off, tears were shed, he moved out, etc. My sister apologized at first but then backed off. I thought she was giving me space but last week she called and asked if we could meet up. She told me that she and Ben were in love and were just telling me as a courtesy before they started posting photos online. Distraught,  I left her in the restaurant by herself and did not pay my portion of the bill. She later venmo'ed me asking for the money.

She told my parents who then called me to their house, telling me how disappointed in me they are for not supporting my sister's relationship with Ben. They brought up the fact that because she had cancer as a teenager, she never learned proper social etiquette, and has a hard time meeting people. I don't buy this, in part because I've seen her socialize just fine and since we spent a good chunk of the time she was sick together, that would also mean that I should have bad social skills as well, by that logic. They then told me that if I don't accept my sister and Ben's relationship, they may have to go no contact with me. I reminded them that I'm also their daughter and they should understand my point of view, but they are adamant that this is about me being jealous of her.

For the record: I'm not jealous of her. I'm not upset that Ben picked her over me. I'm sad about the end of the relationship and do feel betrayed, but lord knows that I don't want to be with a cheater. What I'm upset about is the fact that my sister chose Ben over me. That she slept with Ben knowing he and I were in a long-term, committed relationship, and continues to be with him knowing how much it hurts me.

Now no one in my immediate family is talking to me and I'm getting messages from aunts and uncles and cousins telling me that I'm an asshole and a selfish bitch.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you everyone so much for your comments. This has gotten more attention than I expected and am having trouble keeping up, so if I don't say thank you, then thank you. I've been given a lot of food for thought. TBH, while I've had moments where I've been resentful or upset about my teenage years, I've always thought that I did the right thing for my sister and for my family. And that time wasn't all miserable; I was very close to my sister and we made things as fun as we could. But I didn't think of it as an abdication of my parent's responsibilities or that they were doing wrong by me, which many of you pointed out. I definitely have a lot to think about.

Thank you again for making me feel less crazy about all of this!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

UPDATE: Sometimes you can only laugh. Just got off of the phone with my cousin who saw this post and said he could explain a few things. I asked him why he was on Reddit instead of school, he asked me why I was on Reddit instead of work, and I said touché. He told me that after my conversation with my mom, she went to his house and talked to my aunt. And here's the deal:

Turns out my sister is not only in a relationship with Ben but **FOUR MONTHS PREGNANT**. Which means she and Ben were fucking for longer than I had even guessed. Apparently my parents are so adamant that I forgive her because I'm already ruining their experience of their first grandchild. That's right, I'm less important than my stepmom posting ultrasounds to Facebook. This is where we're at.

Anyhow, I called out of work sick the rest of the day and am going to drink a lot of alcohol. Like, a lot of alcohol. And then start thinking about what the fuck I'm going to do.Recently I (25m) got engaged to my amazing fiancee (24f) Amy. I was the happiest I have ever been when Amy said yes and was nothing but excited for our wedding. We started planning the venues, the dates and the invites. When talking about who to invite, we both agreed to invite out coworkers as we have worked in our respective jobs for years and like them all. As I checked that off the list, Amy spoke up and said everyone from my job can come except my work friend Tally (26f). Tally is also one of my close friends so this surprised me that Amy didn't want to invite her. She has met Tally multiple times and there didn't seem to be any issues. When I asked why, she said she just doesn't like her and finds our friendship uncomfortable, saying she thinks that Tally is the type of person to try to sway taken men and be the center of attention. After talking some more to see where she got this idea, it turned out this was based on nothing but Tally's looks as even Amy admitted that Tally is always very kind to her. But still, Amy is adamant about Tally not going and said that she makes her insecure. Amy is a beautiful woman so I dont know why she feels this way.

I told Amy that if it makes her feel comfortable not having Tally at the wedding then that is fine, BUT before invitations go out I wanted to speak to her privately to let her know to save embarrassment. Amy agreed and that was really that, we didn't speak on the matter after. A week or so later i went into work and Tally started to ignore me, only really talking if it was work related. I was confused as it isnt just her, our coworkers have started to ignore her and acting strange to me. So I contacted her bf, only for him to be sarcastic on the phone. I asked what the problem was when he asked if I actually didnt know what happened. He then filled me in. Turned out a few days earlier Amy came to my work on my day off with invitations (I had no idea she even made them yet) and handed everyone an invite in front of Tally, then saying to Tally "you aren't invited, women like you aren't welcome" which has sparked everyone suggesting she is my "other woman". Since then she has been harassed by some guys at work and shunned by the women. She is now looking for another job.

This pissed me off and I apologised profusely as I didn't know. When I got home that night I confronted Amy about this. She denied it at first, but then told me she did it but it is now not an issue because she's quitting her job. I flipped on her saying how she clearly didnt trust me to say and that she crossed a line doing all this behind my back. She didn't see the problem and got upset asking me why I'm so mad, me responding "if we are really going to get married, get your insecurities in check and grow up". I stayed at a friends since but have had texts from Amy, her friends and her mother saying I was an asshole for this and that Amy doesn't deserve this treatment. AITA?

Edit:

I should have explained better 2 things:
1. I have made many attempts to speak to Tally privately to find out what was happening prior to contacting her bf. She brushed me off by saying she either had work to do or that there was nothing to talk about. No one would really speak to me so I contacted her bf as a last resort. Her bf says he is going to pass onto Tally what I said to him on the phone.

2. The wedding is currently on hold, that is also why I'm staying at my friends. Need some distance to figure stuff out. I made the post because of all the texts.

Edit 2:

Jesus this blew up, and I must say thank you to everyone for the advice you are giving me. But there is one thing I must clear up.... the whole suggestion that I may have cheated on Amy with Tally. 

All I can ask is can people of the opposite sex not be friends without anything untoward happening? Nothing has or ever will happen with Tally, no feelings, nothing adult, absolutely nothing! Tally is happy and inlove, her boyfriend is someone I also consider a close friend, I was happy with Amy (prior to this) and Tally is more like a sister to me. I find it pretty disturbing that people are even suggesting that I did something with Tally. Ask yourself this, why in gods green earth would I let and encourage Amy to meet Tally in the first place if anything had happened? That would be messed up beyond belief. 

Also I don't work in an office. I have no idea where people are getting this idea from since I never said where or what industry I work in. I work in a retail chain... nothing special.

Questions:

1. What am I planning to do about Tally?

Unfortunately due to what Amy has done, all I can really do is damage control. Of course I am planning to explain to everyone what has happened, I do not want Tally to be going through this. She is a genuinely kind person who does not deserve any of this. I am actually on my way to speak to our boss at the moment to see what can be done. Tally's boyfriend is also saying he will speak to her on my behalf and see if he can get her to talk to me. Hopefully will have an update by tomorrow.I’m a 27 year old male and my grandmother passed recently. In her will she left me her 4 bedroom 2 bath house. Now before my grandmother passed she was in danger of losing the house because of unpaid taxes. She asked various family members for help but none did. I was in college at the time and I had a huge student refund. 

She asked me for $1,500 to settle the debt. She said thank you and we never talked about it again. I didn’t want my granny to be homeless after all. That was about 8 years ago. Fast forward to today and I’m now the owner of a house in the heart of Atlanta. Prime real estate If I do say so myself. I plan on moving in at the end of the month before doing some light cleaning and renovation. Enter my cousin and her kids. 

She is upset with me because I got the house. She said because I don’t have any kids I should give her the house because I’m her eyes I got the house for free. I thought she was crazy but a lot of our family is on her side. Stating that it’s hard out here for a single mother. They told me I can buy a house one day because I am a able bodied young man. It will be harder for her because she has two kids. I’m like she chose to have those kids and that isn’t my problem. Everyone is calling me selfish and hell maybe I am but my grandmother wanted me to have the house. I’m I the AssholeI (51F) recently went on a date with a 54M. I knew he had two kids. While we were eating he tells me their ages: 32F and 3M. That's a deal breaker to me. At my age with grown kids (25M and 26F), the last thing I want to be bothered with is a man with a toddler and all the potential drama. The mom is 30.

I went on with the date because I was having fun. When it was over, I had every intention of letting things just fade away (yes, I can be passive aggressive). Well, he called a couple of days later wanting to go out again. I tried the whole, "I'm not ready" thing but he kept trying. 

Finally, I told him that the fact that he has a toddler is a deal breaker. Too much possible drama and I am way too old for that (hint hint). He told me I was being hypocritical since I was a single mom. I said a single mom of two GROWN KIDS. 

He kept repeating himself and I kept repeating myself. Finally, I told him that having a baby at 51 shows a stunning lack of judgment that I don't need in my world.

He was quiet for a minute,  told me that was a messed up thing to say. He told me I should have told him that before he paid for my dinner and that it was a bitch move then hung up.

AITA?
Hello. I apologize for any mistakes I recently lost a friend and my emotions are all over the place.


My son has adhd. He's hyper active and has a medical condition.

Days ago was my best friend of 10 years passed away. I asked my husbabd if he could stay with my 4yo son so I could attend the funeral. My husband said yes but then took him over to his sister and her husband's house to watch him without telling me.

At the funeral I recieved a text from my sil telling me to come get my son after he wet himself in her house. I was all kinds of shocked and confused and had many questions in mind like how the hell my son ended up at sil's house after I left him with his stepdad. I called my husband but he didn't answer or call back.

I went over there quickly and found my son crying. He was also wet I asked my sister inlaw and her husband what happened and they said my son was making so much noise while playing with the kids so they put him on time out. After that he told them he needed the bathroom but my sil's husband said he couldn't go to the bathroom while on time out and denied him access after he (my son) begged resulting in him peeing right where he was standing. I lost it on her and her husband completely. Her husband for denying my son access to the bathroom and her for letting this happen and not doing anything about it. Her husband explained that he thought that my son like any other kid is old enough to hold it in til time out was over which was 90 minutes according to him. I berated them for treating my son cruely and denying him a simple request. I asked how could they do this to a child with a condition when they themselves are parents. Sil got offended I implied she and her husband were neglectful parents. we argued then I took my son and went home and my husband wasn't there.

He then came home fuming asking why the hell I berated his sister and her husband after they've done him a favor and watched his stepson for him cause he had an "emergency".
I asked him if he was okay with the way they treated my son and he said no but the way I went about it was totally wrong and said I should apologize to them both after insulting them and their parenting skills in their own house when they were doing us a favor. I said no no they did HIM a favor as I never asked them to watch my son. He said still I had to apologize but I loudly said "in your dreams" after how my son was treated. He was taken aback and described my behavior as juvenile for refusing to take respinsibility for my actions. Things escalated I had to take my son and go stay with a friend. My husband kept texting stuff like how I was avoiding confrontation and refusing to admit I overstepped etc. He said he only expects me to come home AFTER I apologize to his sister and brother in law.I'm a father of 2. Bio 26 and step daughter 18. I'm lucky to have established a good relationship with my stepdaughter that is based on mutual trust and respect. I raised her when she was 2 I don't even call her my stepdaughter I call her my own. She always dreamed of owning a car and hinted wanting a car for her 18th birthday for years and I took it upon myself to try and save up for one.

It took me years to save up money to be able get her a decent car as gift and I felt thrilled I was able to achieve this goal knowing how much this means to her. I haven't bought the car yet and am currently looking for a decent around 10-13k.

My older daughter has been struggling with infertility and she and her husband already tried clinical route but weren't successful. They've stopped trying for a year due to financial struggles.

I visited her last week and she talked about getting ready to go through another round of IVF. We talked about the money and she brought up the money I saved for her stepsister's car. I tried cutting the conversation but she asked if she could borrow the money and she'll repay me in few months. I said no because what's the use of getting the money in few months when I want to buy my stepdaughter the car this month. Her husband pointed out how his parents helped with the previous treatment costs and now it's my turn since we're family. He said my stepdaughter can get the car anytime later but logically the money should go towards a better cause. I declined saying that's her last birthday with family before she moves away for college and I didn't want to disappoint her. My daughter said she wasn't asking for a fancy new car she just longs to become a mother.


In all honesty I stated even if I gave her money there's no guarantee the treatment will work this time. Her husband said I had my priorities messed up asking who in their right mind sees their child struggle with such massive issue and refuse to help and then prioritize a car over a potential grand baby that every sane grandparent dreams of having. I asked why isn't anyone else besides his parents helping and my daughter said they already asked others for money but are struggling with debt with her medication. I said even if the treatment pays off, then what? Did she really think having a baby while struggling with debts was a good idea? She got quiet and her husband asked that I leave and he won't call me selfish since I already know that's why I kept getting "defensive". I left without further arguing.
My sister had a fight with my wife and argued with me saying I got carried away in spoiling my stepdaughter to please her mom and neglected my blood daughter and made light of her struggles. She kept insisting I do the right thing but I was mad that my daughter told her. Even more upset that my son in-law wanted to talk to my stepdaughter about it and spoil the surprise.

I'd like to add that I'm not on good terms with my daughter's in-laws because of how they are in general, especially her mother inlaw but I tried to stay civil til she started insulting my wife. My wife no longer wants to be around this woman and it's understandable but we're getting a lot of heat from my son in-law for how we're reacting.
I'm seeing a number of people asking why my daughter and her husband need the money now since they're young and can save up on their own. I'm not sure about the answer but it seems to me that my daughter is getting pressured by her husband and his family and adoption is off the table due to their mentality.

My son inlaw is 33 years old and he also has a medical condition to manage.[removed]For context, my (24F) boyfriend (30M) and I recently moved in together. It’s something we’ve been talking about, and when his lease ended he moved into my apartment.

I have a cat, Millie, who is my baby girl that I’ve had since she was a kitten. Back when my BF and I first started dating, he made the joke that if we were ever going to live together, he’d have to “get rid of that cat”, which I dismissed at the time.

When he would come over he would ignore Millie, making jokes about how cats are stuck up, how much he’s a dog person. Again, I dismissed this, bc he never acted hostile towards her. I figured it was just a preference.

When we started to get serious about moving in, he asked if I would consider giving her away, bc he didn’t like the idea of living with a cat. I almost laughed before realizing he was serious. I told him that under no circumstances would I get rid of my cat. I felt guilty about being unwilling to compromise, but he actually took it well, and reassured me that if she was this important to me, he’d get over it.

Fast forward to last night. I don’t think he realized I was in the kitchen when he came home. Millie was on the couch and I heard him go into the room and give this sigh.

Before I could call out, I heard him say “You’re so fucking worthless.”

It terrified me, because I’ve never ever heard him speak with such malice. He sounded like a different person. It was just so cold and hostile that I panicked, and rushed out there to see him looking at Millie.

Here’s where I might be the asshole. I completely freaked out. I was yelling asking what he thought he was doing talking to her like that? He jumped and I scooped Millie up and told him to leave my apartment right now.

He looked so stunned and started to argue, asking where was he supposed to go? I told him that I don’t care, he just needs to leave.

He was pissed and said he was going for a drive and slammed the door behind him. I immediately started sobbing and holding Millie. I was shaking and she could tell I was upset and kept cuddling me. She calmed me down, and later when he text asking if he could come back, I said yes.

I put Millie in the bedroom so we could talk. We were both a lot calmer, and I felt awful after he explained his side. I’ll often call Millie little names and he said he was just trying to be playfully mean too and misjudged his tone. But he said it felt awful that I chose a cat over him, and that I called it “my” apartment when it’s supposed to be our place. He told me he was constantly feeling second best to Millie, who I wouldn’t even consider rehoming, and I had thrown him out over an animal when he’s a person.

I explained to him how much he means to me, and apologized for ever making him feel like this wasn’t his home.

I think I might have overreacted, but I just don’t know. He’s my boyfriend and she’s something I keep refusing to compromise on. But I also don’t believe that he just misjudged his tone. AITA?

[UPDATE](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/pgipko/update_aita_for_kicking_my_boyfriend_out_over_my/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)[removed]I know the title sounds bad but this is a pretty specific situation so please hear me out. I (26M) have been dating a woman we will call Ashley (26F) for about 3 months. Ashley grew up financially well off and relatively privileged and it has been a point of friction in our relationship with her not understanding/grasping the level of poverty I and my family grew up with. It is also relevant to this story that Ashley is a heavier person and is a very vocal advocate for body positivity and will very assertively stand up to anyone fat shaming herself or others.

The other person who is relevant to this story is my grandma (70). My grandmother is a wonderful woman but she is both very proud and very broke. She likes to have us over for dinner and is an excellent cook but financially she can't really afford it. She refuses to take any money from me or anyone else and won't let anyone bring food saying its her responsibility to take care of the family. She also takes offense if you turn down the invitation. About a month ago we had dinner with her and Ashley liked the food so much she went back for second and third large portions. This is not done is my family, we all take a single small portion, as the leftovers are what my grandmother has to eat for the week so Ashley taking more meant my grandmother didn't eat for the next couple days.

After the dinner I explained this to Ashley and she was shocked. I tried to bring my grandmother food but she refused the "charity" out of pride. 

My grandmother has invited us to dinner again this weekend. Before we go I tried to have a discussion with Ashley re-iterating my grandmothers financial situation and asking that she try to only take a single smaller portion so my grandmother can have food for the week. I said we could go eat again after the meal if she was still hungry. Ashley got very angry at this and said "she will NOT be shamed for her eating, she will NOT limit her food and that NO ONE other than her decides when she's had 'enough' food" she also said I was fat-shaming her. 

This whole ordeal has highlighted alot of incompatibility issues and I don't know if the relationship is going to last but just want some other opinions on if I'm the AH. AITA for asking my gf to limit her eating?

EDIT: alot of people are asking why I didn't tell my gf before the first meal. To be frank I didn't think of it. It hadn't occurred to me that someone would go to someone elses house and eat two days worth of food in a sitting.[removed]

My F30 brother M16 was born with a heart condition that prevented him from living his childhood to the fullest and doing his favorite activities. He can't do most things due to his condition and the side affects his medication have on him.

My parents have always struggled with money because of medical bills and unfortunately they can not afford to buy my brother nice things for example he always wanted a console to play with. He only gets to play when my uncle and cousins bisits and bring their console. My brother has been feeling sad and lonely recently after his doctors recommended that visits be limited. I decided to use my salary to get him his own console and wait til Christmas to give it to him. I bought an xbox and has been sitting in my close til I discovered that my fiance took it and sent it to his nephew who lives states away. I was in dismay I confronted him about it asking why he took the xbox knowing it was supposed to be a gift for my brother and he said he knew but explained his sister's single mom and couldn't buy any gifts for her son nor are they recieving gifts from family since they're all ignoring her after giving her money so the think they've done enough. He told me he felt sorry for his nephew and wanted to cheer him up but didn't have money so he thought that he could send him the xbox then we'll fingure out what I'm going to gift my brother together. I told him he had no right to touch the xbox and said that what he did was theft which made him upset and somewhat shocked. He said he was very hurt I essentially called him a thief when he thought that I cared about our nephew as much and he does and explained my brother does not need the xbox since he can't find time to play due to his condition and also not finding playmates also due to his condition. I told him my brother is still capable and he was making it seem as if he wasn't but he argued he didn't mean it this way, just that he was hurt I called his good deed "theft" but I stood by what I said and demanded he either pay for the xbox or pay me but he acted more hurt calling me callous and mean to take a gift from a child like that but I said I didn't gift his nephew this device and so it is not my problem.

He gave me complete silence and then went to stay at a hotel for 3 days saying I was being unfair to him and hurt him deeply. The problem still stands and he is counting on me to let it go and see that he was just helping his sister and nephew out. aita?
My (F29) husband (M33) is the breadwinner and I'm a sahm. We used to both work but due to medical problems I couldn't keep working. As a result I don't have what they call fun money or money to spend however I want. My husband gives me money only to spend on the house or the kids but that's that. I might borrow money here and there or try to figure something out if I needed essential stuff like hygiene products.

This Christmas my husband gave me $600 dollars as my Christmas gift. I freaked out thinking I now have to get him a decent gift to match his. So I went shopping and got him the most offordable thing on his wish-list which was a $180 dollar pair of sneakers with his favorite color. I didn't show him the gift until we visited his parents house for Christmas and when it was time for gift opening he opened the gift, saw the sneakers and looked extremely extremely upset like he was about to blow up. I asked what's up and he asked why "in the blue hell" I decided to "waste money" and get him sneakers aka: the cheapest gift on his wishlist. I said it's all I could afford and he literally lashed out and said "bullshit! I gave you $600 dollars that's about the right price for a new gaming console and it was right there at the top of my whishlist!". 


He said it infront of his parents!! It was so so awkward I felt so horrible I wanted to disappear. But I apologized and said I was sorry but I had other stuff I needed to buy and money wasn't enough. He took it as in I was blaming him for not giving me enough money and picked an argument with me about how wasteful and financially irresponsoble I am otherwise I wouldn't be struggling with money for long. I disagreed and said I don't have a salary due to medical issues not being irresponsible. Also told him he could get the gaming console himself since he has money but he got all dramatic and ranted about how he wouldn't because then he'll be judged for getting anything for himself. His parents tried to get involved but he straightup told me how disappointed he was and said that I ruined his Christmas then went upstairs and avoided talking to me til we got back and the whole argument restarted. he kept repeating that he was disappointed and that I ruined Christmas for him saying "good job screwing up" even after I pointed out how rude it was of him to react like that infront of his parents.

He's wanting an apology atm and still upset about what I did. AITA?


EDIT for the record he used to own an xbox but it got broken like 3 years ago and he didn't want to get himself a new one saying that there are more important things to focus on. I get why he was disappointed but I argued with him about the kids gifts as well since that matters too. also I bought gifts for family members so I'm not sure if I was right to do that knowing money is tight. my mother in law got a an expensive gift from him and so did the rest of the family.

EDIT grammar.My husband and I have two children (19 and 17). We go out with our friends (two other couples) every other week and then on the weeks we do not go out with them, we have a date night and then a family dinner out. We always get separate checks, so each couple pays for their own food/drinks, we find it is just easier to do it that way.

On the weeks that we do not take the kids (or ask if they can come in the 19 y/o case since they work), we always have them look at the menu to see if they want us to order them something and bring it home. We have been doing this for the last five years since the kids were old enough to not need a baby sitter, and it has never been an issue, until now. The only time we do not order them anything is when we have plans after dinner, such as a concert or movie. 

A new couple joined our group for dinner, they are friends of another couple we go out with, and we had never met them prior to Saturday night. We decided on sushi for dinner, so we showed both kids the menu online and asked if they wanted us to pick them up something to bring home. They each decided on two rolls. At the end of our meal, my husband ordered the rolls for the kids and let the server know that they were for takeout and to put them on our check. The wife of the new couple got a little huffy and told us that it was rude of us to order more food when everyone was getting ready to leave, and basically said it was trashy of us to get doggie bags for our kids when none of the other couples had.

My husband told her that we do this all the time, and that if they wanted to leave, nothing is stopping them from doing that. The next day I got a text from my friends saying that this new couple did not enjoy going out with us, and that we embarrassed them (the new couple, not our friends) at the restaurant by ordering takeout food for our children. 

I asked my friend if she had a problem with us doing that as they had never said anything to us before, and she said no, but she does not want fighting within the group so she asked that we not order takeout anymore for the kids if this other couple was going to be dining with us. I told my friend that it was rude to ask us not to do this, especially considering that we have always done it without issue, and that maybe we just did not need to go with them when they dined with this other couple since they did not like being around us.

AITA for ordering takeout food for our kids when we dine out with our friends?I’m currently 31 weeks with twins, a boy and a girl. My husband and I are both 21, and were trying for a baby for about a year before we fell pregnant. I’ve had a pretty rough pregnancy, and my brother in law is a medical student, so he’s taken quite a lot of interest in my pregnancy and future delivery. We’ve always gotten on well. He’s 24. I’ve known my husbands family since we were children so we’ve pretty much grown up together.

A few days ago, my husband told me that my BIL had expressed an interest in being there whilst I gave birth, mainly due to it being beneficial from an educational standpoint to see a natural multiples birth, which is what I’m planning for. I know things can change on that front but hoping for that. Also so my husband can have support as I’ll have my mom. Worth mentioning that our hospital doesn’t have a restriction on the amount of people who can be in the delivery room. 

I said absolutely not, there is no way in hell I am allowing that. I’m not even overly keen on allowing my husband to watch me go through that, let alone his brother. He said it’d be good experience for him and his degree and I said that as much as I supported him, my experience of having a pleasant birth was my priority. He got defensive and said he should be allowed to have a support person to, which I suppose I do understand, but I really just feel uncomfortable about it all. He said it was just as much his right as it was mine to have someone there to support him. It basically turned into a huge argument, with his brother and mom being dragged into it too. AITA?

UPDATE - thank you all so much for taking the time to comment and message me, I really support it. I would’ve responded to more but it’s been quite overwhelming! My husband and I have discussed pretty much everything and decided that he and my BIL will not be in the delivery room. He’s not exactly elated but agreed that my wants are the priority. He will be in the waiting room with everyone else. Thanks again[removed]My son, Sam, (26) and his longtime girlfriend, now fiancee, Emily, (26) finally decided to get married. They had announced their engagement privately to my husband and me, and after the initial excitement, they said they had something important to talk to me about. 

Sam wanted my engagement ring to give to Emily. Sam said this would be a great way to keep him from starting his marriage in debt from having to buy a new expensive diamond ring. Emily also added that she has liked the look of my ring a lot and would love for me to pass it down to her. 

I love my engagement ring. I have worn it everyday since my husband proposed to me with it and to be honest, I still have plenty of years to live that I want to keep wearing it until I am old and grey. Also, my ring is not a family heirloom. My husband chose and bought this ring for me many years ago. So, I told them that I appreciated them wanting my ring, but no, I wanted to keep it. I listed out the reasons above and how I don't want to part with my ring yet for the rest of my still-long life. However, when I am old, I would be more than happy to give it to their future children. 

Well, Sam and Emily weren't happy with my answer and Sam actually called me selfish and materialistic. He said that diamonds are a scam and asked how I could let him go into debt to buy a new ring. Emily was disappointed and said that she had hoped that my ring could become a family heirloom and it would be a token of accepting her into our family (I have always liked Emily and we got along great). They also said that I could keep my wedding band so it wasn't like they were leaving me without any rings to wear. 

AITA?

Edit: Thanks to everyone who commented. I liked reading about your own engagement rings and diamond alternatives. 
My husband did defend me and had told our son to leave and walk it off when he started arguing with me. He said he is on my side and would have respected my decision with the ring, but he admitted that he was happy that I still love my ring so much after all these years!Edit: I showed him this post and made him read the comments. He apologised. This isn’t something he usually does and was out of character. 

Thank you everyone, there are too many replies to respond to. He was adamant that charging me is normal so I’ll just show him this thread to convince him otherwise.

I’m temporarily working somewhere else. It is £20 to get an Uber home. I used the app often enough that I get regular discounts up to 30%. My boyfriend offered to pick me up from work after I told him the price of the Uber sometimes. He got us home. It’s a 30 minute ride, about 20 miles. Afterwards he asked me to pay him; I said fine I don’t mind paying petrol costs. He said I’d have to give him £20 because he went out of his way to get me and I would have given it to the Uber driver anyway. He insists that it makes no sense for me not to pay him what I’d would give to the Uber driver. I told him that’s different because he’s my boyfriend and an Uber driver is a service.

I told him I’d give him £10 which he wasn’t happy about it. 

AITA for not giving him what I would give for an Uber driver? 

It’s not like I’d pay the price of a Starbucks coffee if my BF made me a cup of coffee.My wife (35F) and I (36M) are good friends with another couple my best friend Matt (36M) and his fiance Rachel (24F). Rachel models and is very attractive. My wife is less conventionally attractive but I fell in love with her for her humour and good spirit which I personally find more attractive than good looks. Recently I've noticed my wife making a lot of comments about Rachel calling her an airhead and just being kind of mean. When my wife makes these comments in private Im able to stand up for Rachel but when they're made in public I obviously don't want to embarrass my wife by calling her out. My wife and I went on a trip away with Matt and Rachel last week which we had been planning for a while and really looking forward to. At dinner one night my wife made a really mean comment after we started talking about the economy. She remarked don't worry Rachel you can join in the conversation once the smart people are done. She was the only one who laughed. I was completely embarrassed and once we were alone I told my wife she had been really rude and I was ashamed of her. I told her she needs to stop making nasty comments and she agreed. However the next night we all went out to a bar. Rachel was getting a lot of attention from guys there who were sending over drinks. My wife was looking visibly annoyed that she wasn't receiving the same attention so I tried to lift her spirits by paying for all her drinks and making a fuss of her. One guy came over and said that Rachel looked just like the model zendaya. My wife let out a massive laugh and said did you mean to say Whoopi Goldberg. I turned to my wife and straight up said you really are so jealous aren't you. She looked hurt but didn't have time to respond as Rachel had left the table in tears. I followed Matt and told Rachel directly that I was so sorry for my wife's words and that I was ashamed of her behaviour. When I reunited with my wife she told me I was horrible for calling her jealous infront of everyone and embarrassing her. I told her straight up that she was jealous of Rachel as Rachel is more attractive than her. I realise in hindsight this was a very heavy thing to say and can see why she would be hurt by it. However I stand by the fact it was said in anger. AITA?

Edit: I forgot to mention that since the trip Matt has messaged me to let me know my wife is no longer welcome at their wedding and that as a couple himself and Rachel have decided they aren't interested in our friendship anymore if my wife is around. Rachel feels as if my wife has bullied her and has even suggested that some of the comments were racially motivated. I am so humiliated.

Edit: Sorry another edit. Just wanted to clarify my wife is stunning. I wouldn't have married her if I didn't think she was beautiful. She is just not as CONVENTIONALLY attractive. To me she is the most beautiful women on the planet but objectively Rachel is better looking. I'm very open to being the asshole in this situation but I definitely wouldn't want people to think I'm not attracted to my wife.

Update: Thanks for the feedback guys. Just to add although I didn't call out my wife in public I regularly called her out in private after she would make comments. The reason we continued to hang out as a group is because my wife reassured me her and Rachel got on well and the comments were in good spirit. Matt would also continue to invite us out so I didn't think it was too much of a problem. Also in regards to the free drinks Rachel accepted them for the table. We all shared the drinks and were joking around.  The drinks were sent from the same two creepy guys and it wasn't like the whole bar was buying Rachel drinks. Matt isn't insecure and would rather accept the free alcohol haha. Also my wife earns more than me so we split costs 50/50 most of the time. I payed for her drinks this time to make her feel better. 

Before I update I also want to make it clear that I don't have feelings for Rachel. I think she is a conventionally attractive girl and she is a model. I'm not even really friends with Rachel as some of you pointed out she's younger so we don't have much in common. I also want to make it clear that my wife is conventionally attractive also just less so than Rachel. Rachel is a model. My wife is not. This doesn't mean I don't think my wife is more attractive than Rachel to me. I just mean objectively Rachel is better looking. 

I agree with the comments that both my wife and I were the assholes in this situation. My wife's behaviour is unacceptable and mine was cruel and have probably done lasting damage to my wife's self-esteem. I don't think I'm the asshole for failing to call out my wife sooner. In my opinion you should never publically criticise your partner so for me telling her privately that the jokes were inappropriate is enough. I also want to point out my wife and I have already had couples counseling and my wife individual therapy. When I initially made the comment that Rachel is more attractive than her my wife was furious and rightly so. She said that it was a cruel thing to say and that she wasn't jealous of Rachel and insisted that the jokes were not offensive and everyone was just tiptoeing round the pretty girl. When we returned home from the trip and I received Matt's message I let my wife know. At first she was hurt but she eventually came around and said her behaviour was inappropriate. She's admitted that she is jealous of Rachel due to her looks and was embarrassed by her behaviour. I also asked her if she felt as if I found Rachel more attractive than her but she said she didn't think that it was just difficult seeing a younger prettier girl get treated way better than her and she felt like second best. I think my wife noticed Rachel getting special treatment from other people and was jealous she didn't receive the same. My wife has sent an apology to Rachel but I don't think the friendship is salvageable. I will still attend the wedding but my wife won't be coming along even if she is reinvited. I think it's worth my wife having some more therapy and I'll have to rethink things. This had definitely made me see things in a different light and I'm really disappointed. Thanks again everyone for the feedback.My wife is 7 months pregnant. It came as a complete surprise, as my wife had been taking birth control regularly. We had originally planned to not have any kids, but my wife changed her mind after her first ultrasound. I respected her decision, even if I wasnt the happiest about it. I told her that regardless, I wasnt gonna force her to make a decision. We had a gender party late because of issues with the pandemic but we finally got around to it.

I already was not happy, given the circumstances that I did not want to have any children. I still participated to show support to my wife though. Once the gender reveal happened everyone including my wife was ecstatic. She went to go hug me and I hugged her back, just not with the same energy. She looked at me with a concerned face but went off to hug some of her friends and family. Once it was over and we got everything put up she blew up at me.

Said I embarrassed her in front of her family and the least I could've done was pretended I cared. I told her I didn't really see a point in throwing a party just because of the gender but she wanted to do it so I agreed. She said that she understood that I didn't really want to have a baby but that since they were almost here that I should probably lose the attitude already.

I responded saying that since she knew I didn't want the baby, she shouldn't be surprised I wasn't enjoying the baby shower. She supposedly thought that the baby shower would change my mind, but was upset it hadn't. I told her that I wasn't going to apologize for simply not showing any emotion, and that she needed to give me time to adjust, especially with a kid on the way. Aita?

Edit: We used condoms and I was denied a vasectomy by my doctorMy wife and I rotate who we spend Christmas with, so one year her family and one year my family. I don't love doing it with her family, and she isn't a big fan of my mother (please don't tell us to do it as a nuclear family we both hate that idea) Our families are pretty different. 

Her family is much more about the kids. Even the dinner is tailored more to what kids like (bland in my opinion, but I would never say that), the kids each get 1000 gifts and spend Christmas running around my MIL house, making a huge ruckus. 

Christmas with my family is amazing food, though we usually have to pack our toddler her own meal, a more relaxed atmosphere, and my mom doesn't get any of her grandkids gifts. I don't know her exact reasoning. She says that only the nuclear families should buy gifts, though she does get me and my two sisters something but gives it to us about a week in advance. my kids don't know that she does that. My mom encourages the kids to play in another room so the adults can talk, but me and my wife put our foot down because these kids are just too young. To be clear we exchange gifts at home before going, my wife just finds it really weird that no one in the family buys for other people kids. It has nothing to do with my mom being frugal or anti-materialism. My mom and stepdad go all out for each other.

Anyway it is our year to do Christmas with my side, and my wife came to me and proposed suggesting to the family that we only buy for kids and make Christmas more "kid friendly" I told her she really has no right to tell my mom how to spend her money and that would not go over well with my very childfree sister (other sister has kids as well) She said she feels that Christmas is supposed to be this magical time for the kids, and my mom and stepdad, and childfree sister and BIL have their anniversaries, birthdays, and valentines to spoil each other. she said she just really hates how much Christmas is about the adults in my family and it makes her sad.

I said her points are totally valid, but it would be controlling and inappropriate to try and change how my family has always done things, and she would definitely offend my mom. She said I'm putting my mom's feelings ahead of hers and she just wants to bring it up and she doesn't like that I used the word controlling
I m28 have been with my girlfriend f29 for 14 months. We're struggling with money issues right now with me being the sole income earner.

My girlfriend used to eat restaurant food either by going out or ordering takeout but eversince she lost her job she couldn't do it anymore.


I cook twice a week and keep leftovers for busy days since my job is physically demanding and time consuming. My girlfriend eats my cooking but hates eating leftovers. In the past she'd eat out while I eat the leftovers but now since money is tight, eating out is no longer affordable. My girlfriend hates that and she's lost weight since she'd rather go hungry then eat leftovers. Don't know why she feels so strongly about it.

Onto the conflict: last night I came home late from work and started reheating leftovers for dinners. My girlfriend came into the kitchen asking if I was cooking but I said no since I already have leftoverd ready to eat. She got upset and said that we should really limit eating leftovers and just leave this type of food for hobos and broke college students I just shrugged and she left the kitchen in a hurry.

She came back after I got done eating and looked at me asking where was her dinner plate. I said I didn't save her any food because I assumed since it's leftovers then she wouldn't want to eat it. She had a full on tantrum about how selfish and inconsiderate I was not to save her some food and that she would be going to bed hungry because of me "assuming" shit. I had an argument with her in which I said that she was acting childish and she looked shocked tjat I spoke to her this way and yelled that I did this deliberately to prove a point and that I should've cooked in the first place to avoid having her eat leftovers but now even leftovers are gone and she was hungry. She ended up going to bed hungry and cold shouldered me for hours because of it.[removed]To start me and my mother in law have never gotten along. She hates my guts and can be oversensitive often times. I tried not to give her the wrong impression about me but we just don't like each other.

Sunday, I was feeling sick (I'm a new mom btw) and couldn't eat what she cooked for dinner and she seemeed to take it personal. She sent me a private message of what seemed to be her final straw with my behavior and it stated the following: copy/paste

"Oh yes I know and feel your passive aggressive vibe. You keep pretending to be sick so you won't have to eat what I cook? What? You think my cooking is disgusting? You think I'm unhigynec? WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU ACTUALLY LOOKED AT YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR? Apologies I forgot you're a new mom and can't be bothered to even get your hair brushed. You finally trapped our son and now want to use the baby as a pawn.I don’t like the fact you're my grandchild's mother. I don’t think I'll ever come to terms with it because you bore him. But I’ll pretend. Pretend I don’t know my son's been having chats with his ex every chance he gets. Be mean to his mommy. Me. And you’ll see how far that gets you. Oh and when I watch your shitbeast dog it stays chained to a garage day and night until a half hour before you arrive. It stinks up my house you know same with your hair and clothes". My mind was blown and my gut reaction was to immediately go to my husband and show him what his mom sent and he didn't take it well. He tried calling her but she didn't respond. It was 11pm and he decided to drive to his parents house and pick a fight with her about the text. According to my sister in law #1 who witnessed it he yelled at his mother and berated her and caller her names then disowned her which shocked everyone in the house. My mother in law is diabetic she fainted on the spot and my husband didn't stop he just walked out of there while his family were yelling at him. I got several calls and texts from them claiming I just caused irreparable damage in my husband's relationship with his mother, jeopardized her health because she was taken to the hospital and worsthe of all making my husband disown her over what? A dinner that i could've gotten a few bites of? A simple misunderstanding? They accused me of causing this shitshow and turning my husband on his own mother and disowning her like that. Sister in law #3 berated me for sharing the text with my husband saying I should've confronted my mother in law alone instead of escalating the situation. She said I'm responsible for whatever happens next and have to fix the problem I created.

I feel awful overall and so guilty since she's at the hospital and the family are feeling tense. My husband is avoiding me.AITA?I'm (f32) the breadwinner and have a toddler and a 9 month old baby. Their needs are neverending and everything I buy is expensive.

My husband (m37) is unemployed but uses part of my salary for his subscribtion/paid streaming services which cost about 80+ a month for Hulu (premium) Netflex, HBO, Amazon,ESPN+  and more. I keep finding myself coming up short with money. I kept neglecting buying hygiene products and have only one pair of shoes that look decent. I can't remember the last time I bought anything nice for myself and keep feeling guilty just thinking of going shopping for stuff that is neccessary. I sat him down for a discussion and told him his subscribtions are taking money I can't keep paying for them when I have other responsibilities. I asked him to choose one channel and he threw a fit calling me ridiculous to think streaming services are the reason I'm always short on money and blamed it on the "expensive" and "unneccessary" makeup he calls it "fakeup" I keep wasting money on. I got angry and said he needed to respect that makeup is part of my personality and won't quit buying and wearing it. 

He said that I was trying to financially control him since I got offended when he pointed out that I waste money on makeup and explained that he can not and WILL NOT be bought with money nomatter how desperate he is. I said ok then let me cancel all streaming services and keep one til he can pay for them once he finds a job but he refused and said since he's the stahp then those streaming services are a **right** and not a **privilage** and I should keep paying for them without complaining since he's staying with our sons all day and it's taxing just like my job.


Final straw was when he suggested I stop buying formula and go back to breastfeeding since that is unneceassary and expensive. I was floored and was seething I lashed out at him asking him if he literally thought cancelling formula is better than his precious subscribtions. Also I work I have no time to breastfeed. He just said he doesn't know what it is anymore and that I was pushing him but I told him he no longer has the choice and I'll just stop paying for all his channels/subscribtions alrogether which had him reply that I was being unfair and un-appreciative of his efforts. He stormed off after calling me controlling and kept cold shouldering me.

AITA?

Edit: No he left his previous job due to issues with his employer. He struggled with finding a job in his field and refused to work in other related fields saying his dignity won't let him since he worked hard for his degree.

* My makeup gets replaced every few months. It normally cost 50+ but that's every few months not every month.

* I stopped breastfeeding for health issues and now work but he never stopped criticizing my decision to use formula calling it waste of money when I could push past the pain and provide our son with real benefits.

* I still do the majority of work around the apartment.I know what you're all thinking, another well done steak AITA, but this one is different!

35M here. My friend Brandon (34M) was surfing YouTube and found a video for Gordon Ramsey's "Beef Wellington," and got intrigued.

For reference: Beef Wellington is a whole beef tenderloin wrapped in a puff pastry and baked in the oven, then sliced to serve multiple people. It's a pretty old school dish, but Gordon Ramsey made a viral video about it and it got popular again. It's also expensive ($100+) and pretty technical to make, so it's mostly popular as a video to drool over rather than something people make regularly.

Brandon knows I'm a hobby home cook and so he asked me about Beef Wellington. I said I was familiar with the dish because of YouTube, but I never attempted to make it before because it's pretty expensive.

Brandon said he was eager to try beef wellington, and he proposed a deal with me. He said he would pay for the ingredients if I'm willing to make it. I took him up on the offer on the caveat that there's a possibility it might not be perfect. We came up with a plan as follows: I would get the groceries the morning of and use the afternoon to make a beef wellington for 8 people at my home. Brandon and I would agree on 6 guests to join us for dinner. Invites were sent out well in advance. However, a few days before the dinner, one of the guests had to cancel.

My solution to this was that I would just cut the pieces a little thicker and we would just have a 7 person dinner. Brandon even agreed to this. However, the word got out in our friend group that there was an open seat. Two of our guests Kate and David (35 married couple), suggested they bring along our mutual friend Ava (34F). I said no to the suggestion.

We've known Ava for years. She's a great person and I have nothing against her. The thing is for this situation is that she doesn't eat beef with any pink. If it was burgers or steaks, I could just cook hers the way she likes it, but since a beef wellington is a roast, the whole thing is cooked the same.

They asked why I couldn't just make the whole thing well done. I said I myself wouldn't be willing to eat well done tenderloin and would rather just not cook than make that. I also said if I'm catering to anyone, it's Brandon because this meal is on his dime. They then asked why I couldn't just make Ava's portion well done. I tried to explain that it would be difficult to do that. I'd have to cut her piece, then take it back to the kitchen to cook it more after dinner had already started. This thing was going to take me hours to make. After I cut it, I'm sitting down and I'm eating.

Kate and David are now accusing me of being unaccommodating and excluding Ava, and saying I'm an asshole. What do you all think?I'm posting anonymously for privacy reasons.

My brother has made a really weird request of me. He asked me if him and his girlfriend could use my house to give birth at. I didn't even know what he was getting at at first but he explained to me that their apartment doesn't have a bathtub, is too small for an inflatable pool and it would attract too much attention if the birth was there and the neighbors will likely call the authorities. I have a house instead of an apartment and I have a bathtub and more room then them. My brother thinks I should be honored about this.

I thought this was so weird. I thought they would go to the hospital like is normal but they haven't used a doctor at all so I have no idea how it works and if the hospital would ask who their doctor is. My brother said I don't have to be there if I feel uncomfortable. I don't have a problem with him or his girlfriend but I feel strange at the thought of leaving the 2 of them alone with my house. I'm a guy and I don't have kids so I admit to no experience in this area but I'm also worried something could go wrong because neither my brother or his girlfriend are doctors or have any medical training. My brother and his girlfriend have been saying how upset they'll be if I say no, that the mother being comfortable is what's most important and I shouldn't deny her and that I'll look like a jerk if I turn down their request because they don't have a backup house. I just don't get why they can't go to the hospital even though I have not said it. My mom also hinted one time to me it would be a nice thing to do.

WIBTA if I didn't let them use my house for the birth, because it makes me feel weird and uncomfortable and I would prefer they use a hospital?I am a 35 year old woman and my husband is 37, I discovered the other day he had bought a PS5 as a gift for himself, but the thing is he used *my* money to do so without my permission using a portion of my emergency savings that he had access to in case of you know, an emergency. Which I do not believe being able to get your hands on a new video game console classes as.

This led to a huge argument and I took the console away and reboxed it up, I debated on returning it to the shop for the money but I know my  sister has been struggling to find one for my 13 year old Nephew for over a year, so instead I wrapped it up and took it round to hers and put it under the tree and quietly explained what it was and what had happened, my sister then gave me the money for it. 

My husband went *ballistic* shouting and demanding I go get it back which I of course refused to do, telling him as it had been bought with my money it was my choice what happened to it. He is now sulking and refusing to talk to me and acting like a huge child.

Edit: For anyone curious about our money situation and why i'm so angry, we each put half our salary into a communal family fund for the house, bills, groceries etc. The other half is ours to play with as we want, my husband always blows through his and never saves a penny, half of my expendable money goes into savings for emergencies as i'm more realistic.

Second Edit: Stating here because of comments, He refused to pay me back as it was an "emergency"

Third Edit: I have emptied the emergency account that he has access to and put it all in my personal account that he does not have access to, including the money I got from my sister for the ps5.I (25f) fucking hate wearing bras. They're uncomfortable, constricting, and expensive. With work from home, I spent the last year and a half basically never wearing a bra and got used to it. Quite frankly, my boobs are nonexistent anyways.

I recently started going to the gym again and started working out braless. I should note that up until now, no one has ever pointed out anything wrong with me not wearing a bra. However, in the middle of a set of squats (yes, MID SQUAT),  a guy comes up to me, taps me on the shoulder to get my attention, and tells me that my nipples are poking through my shirt. I get really irritated because why tf is this guy staring at my nipples in the first place and then stopping me mid-set to inform me?

I get really annoyed, try to finish my set, but then this fucker literally grabs the bar, as I ascend and re-racks it for me. He claimed it looked like I was having trouble with the last rep, and that he had come over to make sure I could do it, then noticed my nipples. I'm really fucking pissed off at this point and told him I didn't need his help finishing my set and why the fuck was he looking at my chest in the first place?? He said he was going to spot me, but then noticed my chest and thought it'd be inappropriate.

I pointed out that the safety bar was set, so even if I did fail the set, he wasn't needed. But he just insisted people at gyms look out for each other, and that going forward, I should probably wear a bra so other people wouldn't get uncomfortable and that it may help me stay more balanced in my squats. I'm literally the only girl at the weights section of the gym at the moment, and other guys who were squatting and failed sets never have to worry about this shit. I've seen guys fail multiple sets in a row and no one ever rushes to their aid, but I have a very slight pause, and everyone thinks I need rescuing. So I'm now really annoyed and also kind of uncomfortable that this guy I've never spoken to in my life thinks he's helping me and then has the audacity to tell me how to dress.

So I tell him "You have bigger boobs and nipples than I do. Maybe YOU should wear a bra so people won't get uncomfortable and you won't fail your squats." He then got really defensive, saying he was just trying to help, then called me a bitch. Honestly I'm not sure if I overreacted, but I'm still kind of pissed off so maybe that's clouding my judgment. AITA?

Edit to add: I'm not sure if people think I'm walking around and it's extremely obvious my nipples are showing. I actually really hate constricting clothes. My t-shirt size is x-small but I wear size large to the gym (and pretty much everywhere lately), and you can't tell my stomach from my chest. My nipples might've been showing a little more while squatting because I was wearing a lifting belt

&#x200B;[removed]My 26f sister-in-law 20f moved in with me and my husband weeks ago cause of problems with her boyfriend. She isn't planning on going back til he apologize even though she broke his Xbox device in an argument.


I'm a blogger, I have small space in our apartment sort of  like my office but very small where I work for hours. Sister-in-law always enters the room and take stuff and not return them resulting in me replacing them til I got a lock.
She was going to the beach with some friends to let off some steam and asked if she could borrow my 2k video camera to record the trip but I declined and explained that I was working in the weekend and would need it.


I got done with my project & left my camera at the desk. When I woke up the next day at 9am and had a shower then breakfast, I entered my office and didn't find my camera. I freaked out and my husband told me to calm down cause his sister took it with her to the beach. He assured me it was in safe hands but I kept worrying about it and was upset by the fact she took it and he gave her the key.

She got back at 7pm & was pissed talking about getting in fight with her boyfriend after seeing him with someone at the beach and it ruined her day. She started crying loudly and cussing him out. I asked for my camera back she said she didn't have it. She left angry after the encounter and forgot her sunglasses, cream, hat and my camera at the beach. her friend "Aiden" picked some of the stuff and brought it back but the camera apparently got stolen, I started yelling calling her irresponsible and reckless and this was 2k camera she left behind. She started apologizing then tried to blame it on her now ex boyfriend for getting her into a fight with the girl he was with. I said I need the camera for my work and she had to replace it like yesterday.

My husband got involved and said it wasn't her fault it got stolen and suggested I get a cheaper camera from Amazon for now til I can afford to buy new one. I said what?!?! why should I buy a replacement when it was his sister who lost it? She took it without permission and was responsible for whatever happened afterwards.

He tried to make excuses for her being an emotional mess. I said I have no problem suing her he asked if I was serious and I said yes because I've worked hard to get this camera and my work's always been known to be of high quality so for him to suggest a cheap cam from amazon was offensive. He said he was just trying to help fix the problem but I said he was just helping his sister avoid responsibility.

Both him and his sister aren't speaking to me anymore so suddenly claiming they're giving me time to calm down where in fact they're cold shouldering me making me feel guilty for saying that. I'm not sure if doing this will be morally the fought thing since she's family as my husband says. AITA?

Edit: someone here mentioned the possibility of her friend Aiden taking it which is a possibility but when I requested to speak to him about what happened, my sil said I was wrong to hint that he took the camera even though I just wanted to ask him few questions. She told me to leave him out of it since she trusts him with her stuff.I DO NOT GIVE PERMISSION FOR THIS TO BE SHARED OR COPIED ANYWHERE IN ANY FORM

**Last edit - This has gotten way more attention than I thought it would. Most people have been kind, thank you. Some people have given me a well needed talking to about looking at how I'm living my life, thank you for that too. I can't respond to everyone, but I am doing my best to catch up with reading all of the comments now. I have seen that some people are still weirded out by soup being a main dish and not a side. Soup was chosen because it can feed a large amount of people for not a lot of cash. Money is tight, as I'm sure it is for so many other people right now. If you have a low cost alternative suggestion, please let me know! Thanks for all the judgements**


So first a little background. I found out at a very young age (~3 months) that my youngest is allergic to dairy and eggs. After a bunch of testing it was determined that she can’t have dairy or eggs in any form, not even cooked/baked. On to the issue.

Her first birthday is next weekend. From the get go I wanted her birthday to be completely safe for her. As in, all food, drink, desserts, etc will be egg and dairy free. We have spent so much time figuring out what she was allergic to and avoiding it, I wanted to have one day where we do not have to monitor everything she ate. And of course being a baby, she tends to grab for anything she wants, so having no allergens at all means I don’t have to worry if one of our other children (6f, 3m) leaves their food in her reach.

This is becoming a problem now because my husband doesn’t want to have ‘only vegan food’ because he says him and his side of the family won’t eat it. I wasn’t planning on anything too out there. My mom volunteered to make her homemade veggie soup, and I was going to make a chocolate cake and frosting. The only difference between normal cake and frosting and the one I’m making is apple sauce instead of eggs and oat milk instead of cows milk.

My nephews on my husbands side won’t eat the soup at all I guess, and neither will their parents. The boys I think would have liked the cake, but as soon as my in-laws discovered it was ‘vegan’ they said they won’t eat vegan food, and neither will their kids.

My husband wants to just do pizza and ‘normal’ cake because it’s what they like. I don’t understand the point of having a birthday meal that the birthday kid can’t even eat. I didn’t think it was too much to ask to have one day that is catered to my daughter, when she’s going to have to spend the rest of her life working around everyone else. AITA?

**ETA - I have no problem making foods including meat, and have already told everyone this. I tend to just default to saying vegan instead of “egg-free and dairy-free” just because it’s faster, which is my bad. I’ve found a few options of food that do contain meat, that are still allergen free that I hope will make everyone happy.**

**One more edit - I didn’t realize that soup would be considered so weird. 😂 We live in California, but my family and I were all born and raised in Germany. Where we are from, it’s not unusual to have soup for a dinner. If you Google gemüsesuppe you’ll see what I’m talking about. At this point soup is off the table**
I M33 have a large family. Mostly aunts and female cousins aside from mom, stepmom, stepsister and grandmother. I don't know how to say this but all those women I mentioned above are into teasing and joking. They've formed a unit (which I admit is kind of toxic) and they'd tease and roast every new woman that enters the family by marriage by setting up "tests" to see if they deserve to be part of the family. Or roast their looks and styles to the point of breaking confidence and self esteem down. Then after a few months of teasing they'd announce that they've finally welcomed them into the family. The newest member would join in on the teasing too which is crazy as my dad says.

When I first introduced my then girlfriend now wife. I made it clear that I didn't want any of the women in the unit to come at her or harass her not even with a single word. They went behind my back and roasted her looks and job and I discovered they've been doing it on Facebook. I had them apologize one by one after they gave the "we're just testing the water to see if she's capable to be part of the family" excuse". They didn't want to apologize but once I said I wouldn't invite any of the unit unless they apologize including my mom everyone immediately apologized and brought gifts for my wife. First of them was my stepmom and my SIL.


My wedding was 2 weeks ago. There was talk about the women in the family wanting to pull a prank on my wife by wearing white and called it the "ultimate test" to see how my wife react. My brother warned me so I announced that if anyone of them showed up in white I'd have them kicked out including mom. They said this wasn't true and they'd never do such thing. But they showed up to my wedding one by one wearing white dresses and each an every one of them was told to leave after they tried giving excuses by either making scenes or getting the men involved. The senior women of the unit who are Mom and aunts also showed up in white but refused to leave. I threatened to take harsher action and mom was pissed telling me to step aside but I didn't let her in. I had her leave while the men in the family were watching stunned, dad was on my side and supported me a lot. I felt absolutely awful because my wedding was being interrupted by them making scenes. My wife was hurt beyond measure but the women in the family were pissed. my cousin blasted me on social media later saying I excluded all the women from the wedding because my wife was so insecure she couldn't handle another woman's presence at her wedding. I had an argument with them and mom berated me saying it was supposed to be a prank but I said they were taking it too far. Mom said I took it too far by kicking them out because they were trying to get reaction from my wife to see if she was one of those "bridzillas" and were going to change soon as prank was over but I ruined my own and entire wedding by reacting so aggressively. I stopped talking after she said I had to bring my wife and apologize. I haven't seen the lot of them in 2 weeks and they've excluded me from everything.

WasITA for how I handled this?.

____________

I just want to explain that (A) this has been happening for years. The men in the family are split on this behavior, some of them encourage it like my uncle and my cousins' husbands (one is now an ex) and some are against it like me and my dad and brother.

(B) the women claim that there's nothing hurtful in what they do because they claimed they're just looking out for us men and that their goal ultimately is to make sure the women who enter the family are decent.

(C) My dad always ends up arguing with my mom and grandmother since they're the ones who started this  whole thing with their behavior and attitude towards other women.

(D) and I'm not sure if I should mention this but my male cousin who's a middle schooler said he'd make sure to leave the country before even meeting any woman because of this and it made me chuckle.
Also the dresses they showed up in were simple white dresses nothing over the top but still were white dresses. I realized they went ahead with their plans even after I stated what I'd do in that case.[removed]I (f50s) have 2 sons, Dan (m22) and Sam (m27). Dan started dating 'Fran' in their junior year. Towards the end of senior year, Dan came to me and said he wanted to marry Fran. At the time, Dan had multiple college options which he was going to decline to stay in our town and marry Fran. I obviously didn't support this, I wanted my son to go to college and knew he wanted that too as he'd always been ambitious. I told my son that he had his whole life ahead of him and he could get married later, but didn't need to rush it. I told him that if he went to college and waited, even just a year or two, I'd pay for his tuition. At the time I didn't know how serious their relationship was as they'd been together for a little over a year, and was scared it wouldn't work out and he'd waste this opportunity. My son happily accepted this offer and agreed with me that it would be best to wait.

&#x200B;

This year my son graduated college but maintained a long distance relationship with Fran, and they announced their engagement a couple months ago. We were all ecstatic about it. Sometime between then and now, my son told Fran that I was the reason he waited until now to propose. I wasn't aware until Christmas when during dinner, Fran said she wanted to say something. She began saying I paid my son to not married her and actively tried to ruin their relationship. She then said she was blessed that 'evil hadn't won' and couldn't wait to have a long and happy marriage. Everyone was silent and didn't really know what to say. My son approached me later to apologise and said she had twisted his words but it's been constantly weighing on my mind as friends and family present all have different opinions.

&#x200B;

**Edit**

If my son had married Fran out of high school, he wouldn't of gone to college. My son chose to go to a school so far away, there were closer options but he liked the school he chose. I will be showing Dan this thread and update if he responds. Fran currently works at her mothers bakery. She wants to be a SAHM once they get married and was waiting for Dan to come back home.

**Update**

Dan and Fran have talked and cleared the air around this situation. Fran feels awful about what she said and realised she should've come and talked to me privately. This situation however has brought up other issues between the two and their future, as Dan expressed the Fran he would like to go to law school. Fran wants them to start their life together and thinks it's unfair for Dan to make them wait for 4+ years. Dan is currently home and we will be dealing with this together. Thank you for all the advice, Dan has read this thread and is now feeling unsure about their relationship.

I come from a conservative christian family. All my family members were/are involved in the church and have church based jobs. When they met my wife they loved her and embraced her as their own. We dated for 2yrs and discovered she was pregnant after we got engaged. Invitations were already given at the time and we decided to still have the wedding on date when my wife was 5 months in. 

My family were furious when they found out my wife was pregnant. They asked if we *even still* considered having a wedding. I said why not but they were very upset especially mom and dad who said they've always been known for their decency and good christian values and weren't willing to let this "stain" their reputation. as in my wife and I getting married while pregnant. They officially dropped out and refused to negotiate saying it was done and I have only myself to blame for this outcome and should move the wedding out of town. I was hurt I tried to change their minds and checked with other members but;

My brother said he had no intentions to look like a joke infront of his fellow church members and dropped out, My aunt pretended to be sick and said she may not be able to make it, She's 100% healthy, My cousin said he had business trip and stopped his wife and kids from attending and my uncle cussed me out, torn the invitation and kicked me out.



I felt terrible with no family members of my own to support me and share my joy at my wedding. I even broke down crying after the ceremony. I haven't spoken to them for months and then got busy with my 4 weeks old daughter.
My cousin reached out to hand me gifts and well wishes for the birth of my daughter sent from my family. I returned everything. He sat with me on behalf of the family saying I shouldn't have returned gifts that were from my family who want to see and hopefully be involved in my daughter's life. He said mom',s longing to meet her grand baby and everyone else is wanting to visit soon to celebrate my daughter's life. I asked him this question, I said wasn't my daughter the reason why the entire lot of them abandoned my wedding?. He just stared grudgingly as I went on about how they treated my daughter as something to be ashamed of and hide (my daughter at some point will ask about the wedding and I have no intentions on lying to her). He replied saying he *guaranteed* I got it all wrong and nomatter what goes down between us I can never deny that my daughter is their granddaughter/niece/etc and they're her family. He asked that I arrange for them to visit but I refused. He kept pressing the idea but I shut him down. My wife says I should let them come but I still refused.I (20f) am a college student. In my country a lot of students hunt for internship cuz it helps in getting a better pay package during placements.I’ve been casually talking with this guy ‘R’ who’s also my classmate. He was all friendly at the beginning but started flirting recently. I never once flirted with him and always just ignored his moves but last week he asked me out and I said no. In fact, I apologized to him to have him think that somewhere in our conversation I might have led him on. He ghosted me and I didn’t think much of it. 

But 2 days later, he texted me again, asking me out. I told him that I already said no to which he replied he gave me time to think over and that I should be grateful for it. Ngl, I got pissed and told him to F off. And he got pissed and called me all the names under the moon and just slut shamed me for it. I blocked him but he made his friends to cuss me out too. I got super frustrated and called him out on my story along with attaching the ss of our chats. Around 300 ppl saw and one among them is placement mentor (4th year student). I didn’t think much of it cuz after the story as I blocked them all and went ahead with my day. 

The placement head saw this kind of behavior unacceptable and appalling. So he reported this to our department head. apparently in my college, this kind of behavior is labeled as harassment and punishment can lead to suspension. The department head (DH) and placement mentor called me to DH’s office to get my statement and I did. I showed them everything. Well he got suspended for 3 months for his behavior. He was about to get a very good internship in a Govt company but since he got suspended that internship is also gone. Our professor P loves him and he called me to his office to go and make another statement to DH that I forgive him and there’s also wrong in my part. Our DH, called me, R , his parents and our two professors (P and Q). DH asked me if I’m willing to forgive him(this will get him off the suspension). Somewhere inside of me wanted to see him suffer so I told him no. I was harassed and I want him punished. His mother berated  me in front of everyone saying that I’m the one who led her son and I’m doing this purposefully cuz he’s my competitor. And her son is the victim here. DH didn’t listen to her and gave R his rightful punishment well at least according to me. 

Well now, Our internship started and few of my friends said I took it too far. He just called me names while texting and I got him suspended for that. Some of my other classmates called me a bully and AH for ruining his bright future and Professor P called me outside the class today and told me that he’s extremely disappointed in me and it’s becuz of girls like me, potential careers of men are ruined. This actually made me cry and I’m rethinking whether what did was actually extreme. So, Reddit, AITA For background info I (18) am an Asian American and my boyfriend (20) is white. 
 
A couple days ago, we were messing around with each other and I had told him that “one of my friends call her boyfriend a Mayo packet, what if that’s your next nickname?” In a joking way, and he told me if so he’ll start calling me a ch*nk in a degrading manner. 
 
He thought it was very funny, but I got very upset and told him he’s being ignorant and that the word is a known slur. He told me that I shouldn’t have called him a Mayo packet then. I told him I just don’t think those two words are on the same level of offense, and he called me a hypocrite. 

For more info, we make stereotypical jokes to each other all the time. He has told me I’m a dog eater and mustard skin!!! But i never knew a good comeback. I had recently heard the term Mayo packet from a friend, and thought it would be on the same level as those jokes he had made. (It is very childish of me) But it obviously hurted him which wasn’t my intention. (And according to some Redditors the term is a slur. I had no idea.) And he has never called me such a term as ch*nk before. 

I apologized to him for not realizing sooner that he found such a term offensive and calling him it, and that I normalized racism onto him. I asked if he could stop calling me the ch*nk term from now on. He said he does not see the problem with ch*nk, and has been repeating it because I apparently deserve it. *We haven’t talked for days, I’ve been avoiding confrontation part because i am still angry at the situation and part because I still want to be in a relationship with him and I am afraid that if I am to resume the argument, we’d break up.*

Edit: some might not be familiar with the term, so this is an explanation. It is a new trend among gen Z to create terms that insult caucasians the same way POC slurs are used. He has heard of the term from his friends, they joked around with the word on the regular and I’ve noticed that he found it humorous before (his friends aren’t white either). I wouldn’t have said something so lightly if I knew he found it insulting. This is the first I’ve brought it up, and it seems I have assumed that if he’s been fine with it it’s okay. I agree it is problematic.

Edit 2: I usually find jokes racially stereotypes funny. I don’t mind people saying that I eat rice all the time or I’m fresh off the boat. People call me those things all the time, even my boyfriend make those jokes towards me. I suppose I have normalized them.I didn’t know where the line was and I crossed it. 

Edit 3: edited the original post for more clarity.

Edit 4: You guys are right, this shouldn’t be a thing in the first place. It’s all problematic, slur or not. But this has been going on for a long time for me and him, even before we dated he had made those jokes toward me. I guess i thought that if I came out and say I’m not okay with it all of the sudden while I’ve let it gone on for this long is just not ideal. I’m not sure what to do.

Edit 5: y’all need to stop saying I think it’s okay to say something racist to white ppl and get away with it cuz they’re white. I think you can be racist to anyone… and I agree I am part of the problem. Please please please stop using my post as an excuse to say “white people bad”.This is a throwaway because my friends have Reddit and I don't want them to find this.

I have a housemate (Jilian 26f) who is severely allergic to peanuts. There are 5 of us who rent a house together and we all agreed to put a label in our food containers to help keep Jilian safe and avoid contamination. I have a mini fridge in my room where I store my drinks so that I don't have to go to the kitchen if I want a drink in the middle of the night.

Well last Friday my Filipino girlfriend gave me an authentic Filipino dish for lunch at work. It's called kare-kare, it's an ox tail stew with a rich peanut sauce. It's in a glass container, and I saved some so I  can have it for dinner.

When I got home I put it in my mini fridge but I forgot to eat it that night because we ordered pizza for dinner. Saturday I went out with my girlfriend and got home at around 9pm. When I arrived Jilian's girlfriend (Trish) confronted me saying I almost killed Jilian. I didn't know what she was talking about, she went on saying how irresponsible of me to not label the food in my mini fridge. I asked one of our housemates wtf happened and he said Jilian had an allergic reaction to my stew because I didn't put a label on the container. I told them it's inside my personal mini fridge and how dare they enter my room. Trish said they were looking for beer when they saw my stew. She and another housemate ate it, Jilian only tasted it and she had an anaphylactic shock where they had to use her EpiPen to stop the swelling.

Trish then demanded that I need to pay for the EpiPen. I told them that is not going to happen. If anything they should apologize to me for trespassing and stealing my food. They called me an asshole. She and 3 housemates said I nearly caused Jilian her life and the least I could do is apologize and pay for the EpiPen. AITA?

Edit for more info: Jilian was taken to the hospital. No, I never gave anyone any permission to enter my room. They were drinking that time and were looking for more beer. They ate the dish with some rice that they found on top of the mini fridge. I think Jilian ate some rice that had sauce on it. I didn't get to ask the details of that exactly happened.

Edit/update: So I visited Jilian in the hospital today and she apologized to me for what happened. It was an accident. She said she didn't eat my kare-kare but took some rice. She didn't realize that some sauce got on the rice bowl, so there was clearly a cross contamination. It wasn't her who went in my room, it was Trish and another housemate, Ian. I will be charging them for the stolen beer and food.

I will definitely buy a lock after this incident. Thank you all for your advice, judgement and awards!I've been dating my fiancé for 10 years and we're expecting a baby which is due in March. We'll elope before the baby arrives for legal reasons but we'll do it in January so we'll be able to organise a small party for family and close friends, no more than 20 people. My best friend and her future husband will be invited though.

So straight to the point. My best friend is getting married in a month. She's been with her fiancé for a year and they got engaged within 6 months. Personally that's too rushed in my opinion but that's her life so if she believes this is the right man this is her decision.

Once they got engaged around April, she asked me to be her MOH. She then started telling me the plans about how she plans on having a huge celebration with 200+ guests (vaccination rates are very high in my country and most restrictions are eased since cases are also very low). Naturally I assumed my fiancé would be invited, my best friend has known him for 10 years and they're also friendly. Most of our friends are married so their spouses get an automatic invite. I assumed my fiancé would be invited too but my bff decided to notify me that he's not invited, literally yesterday during a chat we had and I told her about the suit my fiancé bought. She told me "Ummm I never told you X is invited though?", I asked her what she meant by that. She said that only married and long term couples are invited to the wedding. I reminded her, I'm engaged to that man, we're expecting a kid together and I've been with him for 10 years, while we're also planning to get eloped in few months. She objected and said she didn't invite him because she doesn't see our relationship as valid if it took us so long to make our relationship legal and how if we've been waiting 10 years to take the next step then our relationship bond is probably not that strong. Told her that that's not her decision to make and she doesn't get to decide whether my relationship is valid or not.

She insisted on her decision and said "I'll not invite him, I decide who comes and who doesn't, and since I don't think your relationship is as strong as it should be, you may break up soon and I don't want an ex existing in my wedding pictures. Accept it or leave, I am not in a mood to deal with that drama". I told her she's being ridiculous assuming that we might break up based on her bizarre beliefs and reminded her I've been with that man for 10 years while she's been with her man for less than one year and she is ridiculous for thinking she can dictate who's serious and who isn't. I told her I'm dropping the moh role because I refuse to be disrespected like that and told her she can search for someone new to torture but not me.

Our mutual friends have told me I'm TA for dropping out of the wedding and how I should respect the bride's decision. I respect it but I won't be a part of it. AITA????[removed]We currently live with my husbands mom and she does a lot for us. I truly appreciate that because we got ourselves into a financial rut.

MIL is a hardcore perfectionist who always has to be the best at everything to the point it is completely toxic. She was taught growing up to never eat if someone else isn’t, and as a teen that spiraled into never be the only woman eating. It was ingrained in her by her very overweight mother to never let anyone think she was a “pig” not surprisingly mil and her sister both have serious issues with food. 

This is insane obviously but she is also an ER doctor who doesn’t work normal hours, so this makes it even worse. We are someplace that is probably in the third or fourth wave so she has been working crazy hours.

The other day she took us after work to do some errands. We don’t have a car at the moment, but she said it was fine because she needed groceries. The grocery store sold food you could eat there and she asked if we wanted any. I had just eaten so I said no but she should eat since she just got off work. She insisted she wasn’t hungry and was just thinking about us. 

By the end of the shopping she seemed to be shaking and asked again if we wanted anything. My husband said he’d eat something just because he felt bad for her. I wasn’t hungry and said no. She ended up leaving without eating. Then we went home and she fainted. I don’t know if it was just not from eating. She has been working like 20 hour shifts pretty routinely

Now her boyfriend is pissed at me and says I should have eaten something so she would. I said she is a grown woman and I don’t feel responsible but he said I know who she is, called me an ungrateful bitch, and said it’s my fault she fainted.
Please read before you judge, thank you!


So I'm a working mother of 3 kids (9,11,5). My husband used to have a job but was let go at the end of 2020 and hasn't worked since then. Yes he worked in few places here and there like the gas station but he couldn't keep it because he lacked "motive & passion". 


All in all our financial situation isn't so great BUT I've decided to start saving money to be able to get the decent Christmas celebration the kids wanted and couldn't get in 2019-2020. I've put money aside to buy decoration and prepare meals and also gifts but just a couple days ago found out that my husband had taken $500 out of my account and from the money I saved (the rest of my salary goes to bills and grocery) and gave them to his little brother to help him out in child support. I found out and had a big argument with him about how he essentially stole this year's Christmas from the kids to help his irresponsible brother pay for child support. My husband apologytically said he had no choice and was pushed by family to contribute and pay part of his brother's child support otherwise they won't see their nephews/grandchildren since his brother's baby mama is vicious and spiteful. The kids came in and I just told them that unfortunately I can't afford Christmas this year and it's because of their dad who took it away from them by taking the money I saved. there was utter silence and my husband glanced at me in disbelieve. He told the kids to go to their rooms and screamed asking wtf is wrong with me to spout this kind of bullshit infront of the kids. I said it's the truth and that I sacrificed so much to save money to give the kids some joy this holiday then he selfishly took the money and gave it away. He said he would pay me back in time before Christmas but I don't see this possible since he don't even has gas money. He got pissed and said I shouldn't tell the kids that he took their Christmas money and that the psychological damage I'm doing to the kids is worth a lot more than money and accused me of turning the kids against him and making them resent him for trying to help out a family member and stormed off and spent time with his family who accused me of causing my children mental traumas by saying their dad took Christmas away from them and alienating them from him.

Adding this [Just wanted to say that the kids know that mommy is the money who brings home money and so if Christmas gets canceled and because of money then they'll think it's because of me, I had many many conversations with them about it and last thing I want is to see them disappinted in me for something that is not my fault]. Thank you!.

So sorry if formatting is bad bc I'm on mobile.


My (25) boyfriend Jerry (31) has a culinary art diploma. He works 2 jobs related to his field 1 as a cheft in a restaurant and 2 as a cooking instructor. We've been dating for almost 16 months now btw. I had no real experience in cooking but he encouraged me to learn and helped my skills improve so much even though he has a habit of rating every meal I cook which I find a bit rude for example.. "X meal gets 7/10 or Y meal gets 8,3/10 or even Z meal would've gotten 9/10 if the sauce wasn't so salty etc. I didn't feel great with him rating my food nomatter the score but he says he's helping me improve so..


My family came over to visit and I wanted to cook their favorite meals. Jerry sat with my parents and chatted til food was ready. He started eating and kept making comments about my choice of meals. Once he put his fork down he cleared his throat and literally started rating every dish I made by giving me 7/10 for this, 4,8/10 for this and 6/10 for this. My family were so confused and I was **floored** I felt awful as he kept giving advice on how to improve my "score" next time. He kept a straight face while doing it. It was awkward just awkward the entire evening.

We had a huge argument after my family left and I told Jerry that he acted poorly and embarrassed me when he started rating my food infront of family. I said to him that I won't have him eat what I cook anymore. He said I was overreacting and claimed what he was was doing is just constructive criticizm and I shouldn't take it personal since he's just used to rating his students work. I said I wasn't his dang student and he wasn't Gordan Ramsey to be heavily putting my efforts down infront of family. He got offended and said my reaction was way over the top since he was just giving constructive criticism in order for me to make progress and said he was trying to help and that "Gordon Ramsey" comment was totally uncalled for and just a low blow to his abilities as a respectable Cheft with a respectable career. He then asked what made me think it was okay to come at him like that over few ratings. He stated he was hurt and went to stay with a friend for the night probably expecting an apology from me. AIAT?[removed]Okay so straight to it. My husband and I (both in our early 30s) have been together for over a decade and made the decision to not have kids. I like kids, I have nieces and nephews, we just don't want them for our own reasons. He had a vasectomy which only a few people know about. Our families are aware we don't want kids as they've asked this before during different major life events (our wedding for instance). 

We recently bought a 3 bedroom home with a nice yard in a nice area. Excited to show our new home to family and friends (major upgrade to our previous home), we hosted a housewarming. 


During the party, one of my sibling in laws (Alex) made a few indirect comments about all this space, and kids would love it in our house etc. Eventually they asked point blank when we were having kids.


I made a lighthearted joke about it, which is my go-to for this question. "Oh, well, I like sushi too much to have to give it up for a pregnancy. Plus not drinking for pregnancy and breastfeeding? No thanks!" I tried to make it very light hearted and laugh it off. Most people just laughed along. That seemed to anger Alex and I was told "children are a joy, and a good mother puts her kids before everything else". 
I agreed, 'children are a joy, I like spending time with the nieces and nephews, and obviously I can't be a good mom if I chose sushi over kids so I just won't be a mom' (paraphrased). Still trying to brush it off in a gentle way because I'm not trying to start a fight by telling them to stop asking in front of everyone because I know my tone will be seen as rude and abrasive. 


We move on, but Alex is still annoyed and making little comments in their group about how flippant I am about it and how when it finally happens, then I'll understand. My husband heard this and said jokingly said "well, if she gets pregnant, that'll be a problem for the divorce lawyers." That seemed to piss them off more but they stopped. 


With holidays coming up, we have not been invited to Alex's usual Halloween bonfire. When husband spoke to his parents, they told him Alex was annoyed we were so careless and callous about our childfree status and to say what we did and they realized we had taken permanent steps to ensure we never had kids. That we know they had to do IF to have kids etc. And we are AHs to just not care. I feel bad because they did do IF and lots of fertility treatments to have their kids, and even then they still had a few miscarriages. I can't imagine wanting kids and struggling to have them and then deal with miscarriages. But at the same time, I'm so tired of justifying living my life how I want. AITA?


Edited to add: To the few people messaging and commenting about me being the AH for not wanting kids: I'm not asking if I'm the AH for my kid decision, I'm asking if I'm the AH for saying the sushi over kids comment.

To everyone else: holy guacamole, I'm overwhelmed. I never expected to get so many responses. I am trying to read all of them and the advice given. I feel terrible my joke was taken the way it was and that I hurt my ILs, I truly never meant for that to happen. After the bonfire this weekend, we will be reaching out to have a heart to heart, if they'll accept it. Either way, I'll be apologizing for hurting their feelings, let them know I love their kids and them. But I will also be firmly putting down any further attempts to discuss our child free status if the conversation is about changing our minds. I have not told them our reasons for being child free so I think perhaps if they are willing to listen, I'll explain them and hopefully the conversation can be constructive. I don't want to go into the holidays with my husband on the outs with his brother. Thank you all!Dad (42) and my his fiancee (Alice 28) are getting married in November this year. I (15f) didn't really like Alice because I think she replaced my mom too soon. My mom died of cancer 2 years ago and she and dad started dating 8 months after. I try to be as polite as I can whenever she's around or starts a conversation with me. Dad never forced me to have a relationship with her and I can also see that she's not interested in having one.

After they got engaged, Alice approached me and said we needed to talk. She said she has a clear vision of how she wants her wedding to be and that I have to comply so that everything will be perfect. I said sure and asked her what I need to do. She said, "first, I want you to cut your hair short; second, you can't wear heels and lastly, only wear light make up and no fake lashes. Okay?" I let her finish before I responded. I said I can do the second and third but I will not be cutting my hair. My mom loves my hair and helped me grow them thick and healthy. I got my blonde wavy hair from my mom so I will keep it long. Alice accused me of wanting to upstage her. I said that's not what I'm trying to do and I think it's unfair since I know she didn't make these demands on her other female guests. She then called me a selfish brat and told me she'll tell my dad about how I "disrespected her". 

My dad then got involved and told me to just cut my hair because it will grow back anyway. I said her request is ridiculous and I'd rather not attend their wedding than to cut my hair. 

I think I have put my dad in a tight situation and I am now considering cutting my hair because I know my presence in the wedding will make my dad happy. But growing my hair back to lower back length will take a long time. 

AITA if I refuse to cut my hair?

Edit: I am 5'7 while Alice is 5'6 so I kinda understand why she wants me to wear flats. I offered to tie my hair or put it in a bun but she said that won't do. I am not part of the entourage.

Edit 2: Yes, I look a lot like my mom. I got my hair, eyes and smile from her.

Edit 3: Thank you so much for all your kind words. My mom's parents live in Ireland. Dad's parents live in Colorado (we're in Florida) but I do talk to them 2-3 times a week. I will follow all your advise and be on guard for my hair. Again thank you all. I appreciate your condolences and kind words.

Edit 4: I am overwhelmed by the love and support you guys have given. Thank you for the validation. I WILL NOT CUT MY HAIR. If it means not going to the wedding, then I will just stay with my mom's sister (in  Georgia) on that day. To everyone who expressed their concerns about inheritance/will, I don't really mind if dad gave everything to his future family. He and mom (surgeon) has separate bank accounts and mom left everything to me. Yes, I have an Irish passport. But I will not be studying there as I plan to get in to Johns Hopkins university and be a surgeon like mom.
My husband is turning 30 next month. It's a big deal for him clearly and he wanted to rightfully be "pampered" and feel special on this ocassion.

But the thing is that he came up with a list and called it "birthday month expectations" I didn't know what that meant til he started reading the list out loud which consists of things he expects from throughout the entire month.

To give few examples:
A. He is not to be asked to do any type of chores or clean or cook for a month.

B. He gets to play with his xbox for hours on end without me interrupting or nagging him about it.

C. He is not to pay his part of rent this month.


D. He gets to go out with his friends whenever he wants.

C. He gets to skip any given workday and sleep in without being bothered to wake up to drive our son to school or do any emergency fixes.

In other words he wants a month long vacation and time off from his responsibilities as a partner and as a father. I said are you being serious right now and he made a face and said " oh no worries this will only last for a month ["my birthday month"]. I called him ridiculous and said absolutely not I do not agree on anyhing on that list and said that his expectations for his birthday month was out of line. Now I have to mention that we both work but I do the majority of household chores and the majority of our son's care as well as the majority of rent, bills and internet payments and I can not afford to do what he's expecting me to do because we're struggling already and I need his help especially now. Not for him to make demands. He pitched a fit giving me grieve about how I'm being selfish towards his wants and that in my place he would've agreed to do all he could to make my ...["Birthday Month"] the happiest month of the year for me. I argued that birthday month is unheard of and just flatout ridiculous but he said that I don't understand because his parents did this for him for years and so did his friends [he never told me] so as his wife I should be happy to do it as well but I declined and refused to take it and keep arguing about it but he hasn't stopped talking about how disappointed he was that I treat his birthday like that and has been avoiding being near me making me feel like maybe I went too far here. AITA?My(28M) wife(32F) and I went to an AYCE restaurant today with our 10yo daughter. 
My wife has this bad habit of ordering too much food at restaurants and then not eating it fully. A lot of the times, the restaurants do not allow doggy bags so the food gets wasted. 
So I decided to take her to an AYCE today because she'll be able to take only as much as she wants to eat. 

She started piling up a lot of food on her plate. I told her to add lesser portions and finish all the food. She said that she'd finish all the food because she was really hungry. I kept quiet after that. My daughter on the other hand was taking a little of each dish to taste and then deciding which one she wanted more of. I appreciated her for being so mature. 
As expected, my wife wasted nearly half of the plate she had so enthusiastically filled and the manager told us we'd have to pay extra for the food wastage. 
I didn't want to tell my wife anything at the restaurant so I just paid the bill and we went back home. 

After we put our daughter to bed, I told my wife that she acted very immature at the restaurant and our 10 yo daughter had the sense to gauge her own hunger. 

My wife told me she was really excited to see so many varieties of food that she liked and she couldn't control herself. 

AITA?

Edit:
I do all the chores because she doesn't like to get her hands "dirty". We live on only my salary. She doesn't ever pay for food or groceries despite earning more than me. She thinks the man should be the one paying for everythingI, 27F and my brother "John" 26M are very close, so I was definitely shocked when he surprised us on Thanksgiving by bringing his new girlfriend "Chelsea".

He was very happy though, and tbh, that's the only thing we want for him, so we (grandparents, parents, aunts, uncles, cousins) held off on all questions until another time.

Anyway, dinner time rolls around and we're sharing everything, and my aunt kinda pulls me off to the side and tells me we're not gonna be eating my mashed potatoes because Chelsea brought some and John asked that we serve those.

I was a little peeved not gonna lie, because I've done the mashed potatoes for Thanksgiving since I was sixteen, but I got over it pretty fast. I really didn't care as long as they were good.

Spoiler alert, they were not.

Everything that could've gone wrong with those potatoes went wrong.

They were raisins.

She was really excited though so when she asked everybody if they were good she got some "mmhhmms."

You know, the kind you do with your mouth closed and an uncomfortable smile on your face.

Everything else was good, so her dish was highlighted. We all thought we passed it though, until my nephew spit it out into a tissue.

She said something about not pleasing everybody to lighten the mood cause we were all looking at him hard as hell, and my brother went "I'm sure they glad to have a break from \[my\] potatoes anyway" and then laughed.

I wasn't gonna say anything, but my sister (22F) said "We are not" in the most monotone voice and I just laughed, man.

Like one burst of a cackle.

Chelsea teared up and the rest of the night was awkward. My brother called me an ass and is still mad at me.

AITA?

EDIT: My sister and I both apologised, although I just said "I'm really sorry" and my sister did more.Yesterday was my birthday. My(30M) wife(28F) and I had made reservations at this really nice Korean BBQ restaurant for dinner. My wife is 4 months pregnant. 

However, her friend wanted to hang out with her and had called her the night before my birthday. My wife said that this was a childhood friend of hers and that she really wanted to spend time with her. I reminded her that it's my birthday but she just dismissed it saying my birthday comes every year but her friend will be leaving for Germany in a few weeks. I told her that she could go after my birthday as well but she did not listen and just went to a sleepover at her friend's place. 

I got really mad at her and instead of waiting for her to return home to talk things out, I asked my friend if he would like to hang out with me. He was fine with it so we spent the day fishing, grilling, hiking, and went to the Korean BBQ for dinner. 

When she came home after spending time with her friend, she apologized to me saying it was an unavoidable circumstance. I told her that it wasn't a problem and that I spent the day with my best friend. She got mad that I'd take him to the restaurant that we had booked for ourselves. I said that it was originally for us but since she prioritized her friend over me, I took the person who prioritized me on my birthday. She said that I'm controlling and that I shouldn't be deciding who she spends time with. 

Now she's neither talking to me nor coming out of the room. I think I went too far by telling her whom she should be spending time with.  

AITA?Edit: Update. I want to thank you all for the kind words and comments. I knew after reading the comments that it was time to come to a resolution. I decided to drive home from work and talk with Erica. When I showed up Leah’s car was parked in the drive. I went inside and they were watching tv. I told Leah immediately to get out, she tried to argue but I told her if she didn’t then I’m calling the police. Erica tried to get pissy that I kicked her friend out but I said I’m done talking about Leah because at this point nothing is changing with that relationship. Sat Erica down and showed her this post. 20 minutes of reading later I asked her what she thought, she said “those people don’t understand our relationship or Leah”. I knew then that it was over. I asked her to hold out her hand and I took the ring off. She begged saying she is sorry and she’ll cut Leah off etc. I told her I can’t even trust her with the garage code, how am I supposed to trust her as my wife. She’s locked herself in our room now. I’m in the kitchen packing up her things. I called her dad/mom telling them about what has happened and they were furious. Leah is apparently banned from their house and has been since HS. I didn’t know this but her parents said it’s been like this since Hs. They are coming this weekend to get Erica and the stuff. I couldn’t be any happier than I am right now. A huge weight feels lifted off my shoulders. I felt like if I never made this post I wouldn’t have ever seen how messed up my life had become. Sincerely thank you everyone. Can’t wait to take my clubs out and play a round now that I have more free time. Really excited to see what single life brings and can’t thank you all enough again. 



Me (29M) and Erica (27F) dated for 2 years and have been engaged the last 4 months. After we got engaged Erica moved into my house. I still pay the mortgage while she pays for utilities, Groceries and household items. After we get married the plan is to put her on the house so she gets equity as well. Her friend Leah (27F) and her have been best friend since high school. I don’t particularly like Leah but have also been cordial as I know she’s gonna be in my life. My issue is Leah thinks of my home as hers. Couple examples…

She always brings her boyfriend over and he’s a sketchball. She talks to me in a very disrespectful way in my own house, like I’m a guest and she/Erica own it. One day I went out to my garage and some of my tools were missing. I checked my camera and Leah/BF were in my garage with Erica and took some tools with them. I asked Erica and she said they were just borrowing and would return them. I had to reach out multiple times for them to finally return the tools weeks later. I have a nice wine/liquor collection and I was working late one Friday. While working I heard some clanking of bottles together. Erica wasn’t home so I went out to see what was up. Leah was behind my bar. I asked what she was doing and she said that Erica told her it was okay to borrow a bottle of wine for her party and that she would pay it back. I told her no that wasn’t alright and to leave. I asked Erica about this and she said “I don’t remember telling Leah she could take a bottle but I might have I don’t remember”. I told her at this point I wasn’t comfortable with Leah being in my house, Erica sorta understood but also blew me off. 

Final straw came when I wanted to go hit some golf balls and my clubs were missing. I freaked out because i golf regularly and my clubs are my biggest investment. Went to check the camera again and Leah used my garage code and took the clubs. I blew up, called Erica and told her to get them back immediately. Erica said Leah had asked for the garage code to grab some clothes from her closet and not my clubs. I threatened to call the police but Erica stopped me. Leah kept telling us that her boyfriend needed them for a work thing. I got them back almost 4 days after they were taken and they were dirty. At this point I sat Erica down and told her that if I see Leah in my house again then I’m calling the cops, no discussion. Erica got upset saying that it’s her best friend and that wasn’t fair to do to her in our house. I said it’s a pattern and since Erica’s stuff isn’t affected she doesn’t care. I said she can go over to Leah’s if she wants to see her. She said she can’t do this because Leah doesn’t like her apartment and Leah’s BF is always there which makes Erica uncomfortable. I’m now getting the silent treatment and getting called an AH but I don’t think I’m doing anything wrong. AITA?I'm not really a photographer, I'm a dog groomer. I take lots of photos of dogs all day to put on my Facebook and Instagram, it's "my thing" if that makes sense. A cut and a photo with every appointment. I very seldom shoot things other than dogs even if I have a nice set up.

A friend got married a few days ago and wanting to save money, asked if I'd shoot it for them. I told him it's not really my forte but he convinced me by saying he didn't care if they were perfect: they were on a shoestring budget and I agreed to shoot it for $250, which is nothing for a 10 hour event. 

On the day of, I'm driving around following the bride as she goes from appointment to appointment before the ceremony, taking photos along the way. I shoot the ceremony itself, and during the reception I'm shooting speeches and people mingling.

I started around 11am and was due to finish around 7:30pm. Around 5pm, food is being served and I was told I cannot stop to eat because I need to be photographer; in fact, they didn't save me a spot at any table. I'm getting tired and at this point kinda regretting doing this for next to nothing. It's also unbelievably hot: the venue is in an old veteran's legion and it's like 110F and there's no AC.

I told the groom I need to take off for 20min to get something to eat and drink. There's no open bar or anything, I can't even get water and my two water bottles are long empty. He tells me I need to either be photographer, or leave without pay. With the heat, being hungry, being generally annoyed at the circumstances, I asked if he was sure, and he said yes, so I deleted all the photos I took in front of him and took off saying I'm not his photographer anymore. If I was to be paid $250, honestly at that point I would have paid $250 just for a glass of cold water and somewhere to sit for 5min.

Was I the asshole? They went right on their honeymoon and they've all been off of social media, but a lot of people have been posting on their wall asking about photos with zero responses.Context: My mother came out as bi when she was younger and was disowned by her parents when she started dating a women. My grandmother came back into her life once my mother had my older sister and me. My sister caught on quicker and chose to disassociate her. I was younger and didn't know. Due to this I was named the sole inheritor to everything my grandmother owned, including her house. My grandmothers final spiteful move against my mother it seems.

&#x200B;

I (f18) recently started college and got a scholarship which included living on campus. I thought it would be a good idea for me to get out of my comfort zone and have a level of independence.

&#x200B;

My sisters best friend 'Jen' (21f) was recently disowned by her family after being outed so she spent thanksgiving with us/staying with us. Obviously my mother has taken Jen in. The day after thanksgiving my mum told me that Jen will be permanently moving in. Both her and my sister go to school about 30 minutes away so it's more convenient. My mum told me that she is going to give Jen my room as its not convenient for her and my sister to share a room.

&#x200B;

Up until this point I was on board and felt bad but I had a problem with this. We have a 3/4 bedroom house, the fourth one is currently being used as a storage room. I don't think its fair for me to be displaced when there is a room she can move into. The stuff inside of it can easily be moved into closets around the house and is a big room. My mother argued that I go to school 6 hours away and will only be home a couple of weeks out of the year and its selfish to keep my room. Jen also likes the fact that my room has a balcony and stated she liked being on the same level as everyone else/felt isolated sleeping on the ground floor. I said that she was prioritising someone else over her own child and she said I didn't have a say because I'd never be discriminated against based on my sexuality and didn't know what its like to be disowned because of it. I told her I felt like she was disowning me right now and there was a bedroom for Jen to move into but she couldn't have my room.

&#x200B;

Next day rolls around and Jen starts thanking me for letting her move into my room and starts talking about redecorating, painting etc. I'm confused and tell her that's not happening and that there was a bedroom downstairs if she wanted to move in. My mum and sister both got angry and I was getting overwhelmed and shouted 'I won't let you kick me out of my own home. That is my bedroom and will continue to be my bedroom. If you want to choose Jen over me, go live in another house and have your family there.' Apparently now I've made Jen feel unwelcome and she thinks I hate her because of her sexuality. My mum and sister keep making comments about being 'inhospitable' and 'can't believe she pulled the 'I own this house' even though she doesn't pay any bills'.

&#x200B;

I have paid the tax on the house through inheritance money and we live in my grandmothers house. Some important context: 

My father left me when I was 10, I came home from school one day and he was gone and I was alone. My grandmother eventually took me in but that moment gave me issues that I'm still working through. 

My grandmother passed away and was buried a couple of weeks ago. I saw my father for the first time in 14 years at his mother's funeral. After the will was read, we learnt that my grandmother had left me her property. My father was furious, apparently he feels he has more rights to her property than I do because she was his mother. 

He's been harassing me to hand over the property to him and promising that when he dies I can have it. I don't want to give him the property because if my grandmother wanted him to have it she would've put it in her will. 

My father has been going around telling the family that I stole his mother's property right from under him and I'm trying to punish him for leaving me. My family have been reaching out to tell me that even if he abandoned me that I shouldn't forget the importance of filial piety and how being good to my father even if he isn't good to me is what makes a good daughter. 

I don't think I'm doing anything wrong but the comments and the suggestions are beginning to wear me down. Am I the asshole?My partner and I are having our first child (yay) and I stupidly made a deal with them where they got to name our child if it's a boy, I get to name it if it's a girl (I know, I f'd up).

Well, we are having a boy and the names my partner is coming up with are...not for me. I have managed to convince them to forget the deal we made so at least that element is gone BUT this does still mean they seem to have a little more say than I do in the situation.

Anyway, the name they are really eager to use is 'Black'. We both want something a bit different without being too hippy-dippy and this is the outcome. 

Their reasoning is something along the lines of: colours as names are already a thing (e.g. Violet, Blue) and black is just a cool colour. They just think it sounds cool really.

However, I think it's a bit odd as we are both white. It just seems to me like, yeah it's a colour, but it's more than that - it's a race and race is pretty sensitive topic.

They think this is crazy logic, that it has nothing to do with race and making it about race is absurd. FWIW we are not American so race isn't this huge deal like it is over there.

Just to clarify - we will not name our child anything we don't both agree on, but this convo has now become more about whether or not the name is just a colour or something more charged and neither of us can really see the others perspective. 

AITA?[removed]My wife and I have 3 daughters (19, 24, & 28).  Our youngest, Jill, just started community college this year while our 2 oldest have moved away to start their careers.  Jill still lives with my wife and I as she is attending college locally and this saves her money.  This past weekend we were invited to my niece's (and goddaughter) wedding a couple hours away.  The dress code was semi-formal so men were expected to wear suits and women in dresses.

As we were getting ready to leave, Jill was taking her sweet time getting ready and I was kind of nagging at her to get going.  She had been out late the night before with friends and I'm sure she was feeling the effects of that.  When she was finally ready to go, she was wearing some kind of black, spaghetti strap halter-top thing with leggings.

I told her that was not an appropriate outfit for her cousin's wedding and that she needs to change into something else.  She told me she doesn't have anything else to wear and that I don't get to police what she's wearing.  I told her that judging by the amount of dirty clothes on her floor and in her closet, she clearly has other options, she just didn't plan ahead enough to figure something out.  I told her it was disrespectful to her cousin, the bride, to wear something to revealing and tacky to their wedding.

Jill called me a jerk and said no one is going to care what she's wearing and if people focus on her clothes more than the bride, that's their problem, not hers.  I told her in that case, how she is getting to the wedding is her problem, not mine.

She asked what that meant and I told her that if that's what she wants to wear, she is going to have to find her own way to the wedding because I am not going to arrive with my daughter looking like she is about to hit a club at 2am instead of attend her cousin's wedding.  

My wife chimed in at this point and told us both to calm down.  She told me I was being over-bearing, but also told Jill that she did not agree with her choice of attire either and reminded her this is a semi-formal event.  She told Jill she would help her find a different option that would be better suited for this.  

Jill scoffed at that and went to her room and closed the door.  I went and knocked and told her she has 15-minutes to be ready or we are leaving without her.  She yelled at me that I was being an asshole so  I went outside to wait and after 20 minutes I went inside and Jill was still in her room.  I told my wife that I am leaving and she can either come with me now, or her and Jill can figure out their own plans.

My wife asked what Jill is supposed to do and I said she can take an Uber for all I care at this point.  My wife reluctantly left with me and I could tell she felt guilty about the whole thing.  Jill ended up not coming to the wedding and both her and my wife blame me for it.  I don't think I was the asshole here though.So I'm buying a house. I'm in closing now, waiting for attorneys office. House and finance is solely in my name. Bank won't allow otherwise. 

My boyfriend's family (since he is moving in with me) is all upset because his name can't be on the house. He has 0 credit and couldn't be on it anyway nor do I want him on it. 

They are trying to see if an attorney or something will contract something even away from the bank where is we break up he will get his $ back he puts into the house. My attorney already said they will not do that so now they are wondering if a attorney not associated with the deal will contract something.. 

They can't do this right? The house and deed and financing is solely my name. He has nothing on it but if he puts $ into it now I have to be held responsible for paying him back in the event of a breakup. He already said he 'isn't moving into a house where his name isn't on it' due to immense paranoia from his past relationships. 

Am I the asshole?

Update: thank you all. I'm sick of his family being involved. He said to me this morning when I told him I don't think I can legally draw up an agreement or the bank will he said 'I'm this close to letting you have it all" I said "well you didn't want to move in without your name on it anyway". He thinks a year into building a credit score he can get put on the house.


I'm (46) a father of a 16 year old son 'Adam'. His mother and I have been separated since he was 6. Adam is always happy to spend time at my place as part of custody agreement. He hates his stepdad (30s) and calls him controlling. He puts strict rules upon Adam and punishes him for long periods of times over small mistakes. He doesn't give him allowance like I do or let his mom give him any money so Adam started working to be able to buy the stuff he wants.


Adam always wanted to buy an Xbox but couldn't afford the full price so I told him whatever he saved I was willing to pay double and he was able to buy a new Xbox for the first time weeks ago. I got an angry phonecall from his stepdad asking why the hell I bought Adam an Xbox knowing it's not allowed at his House. First of all I told him Adam paid for the Xbox with his hard earned money and second of all that's his mom's house so he can't dictate what is and what is not allowed. He went on about how the Xbox is a distraction tool for Adam from his school and chores but I assured him Adam is responsible with time and can manage and balance just fine. He suggested I keep the Xbox in my house and Adam can come over to play but I said that's not up to me. Clearly I got him pissed so he 'warned' me about the consequences of seeing Adam playing with that Xbox and ignoring his duties. I hung up immediately.


2 days later Adam called and was freaking out saying his stepdad had a rage fit and threw his Xbox in the pool as a punishment for Adam for playing with it instead of mowing the lawn. I was in dismay I went over to his mom's house to see what was going on but I didn't find her. I found Adam crying I confronted his stepdad and he said he had to do this because Adam was being neglectful with his chores and said this was the result of built up resentment because of a Adam's continuous lack of responsibility. I argued that even if he thought Adam was being irresponsible with his playing time, throwing the Xbox in the pool was unhinged of him because he could've hidden it for all I know. He yelled that he gets to decide what punishment fits and went on about how he was just trying to help Adam become a responsible young man. I was tired of this I told Adam to pack his stuff to go to my place. His stepdad firmly said he won't allow it and that I was preventing him for performing his duties as a father and an authority figure but I told him he needed to pay for a new Xbox. He argued that I was delusional to expect him to pay for something he doesn't want in his house in the first place but I said that was enough then left.

Adam's mother came and argued with me saying her husband made a mistake but I shouldn't have taken Adam out of the house. I asked if she's happy with how his stepdad treating him she said that's tough love because he wouldn't done this if he didn't care. I blatantly said her husband was just being an overbearing power tripping, control freak and told her Adam is staying with me and we're expecting a new Xbox. She told the family I was stopping her from seeing Adam.


Edit: I've always wanted Adam to stay with me seeing he doesn't agree with his stepdad on a lot of things. But the reason for being hesitant about having him most of the time if not all is because of 2 things which are the fact that I travel for work and also because of the health problems I struggled with in the past couple of years although Adam is responsible enough to do so many things on his own. His stepdad already apologized on the phone but I insisted on getting this resolved instead of ignoring what happened.[removed]I'm a stahm and my husband works full time. We have 3 kids and one of them is 2 years old. My husband helps alot with the kids. He's a committed dad but is absolutely against babysitters due to an awful incident with a babysitter that was the reason his younger male cousin James got disabled years ago. I don't go out much since I have to take the kids with me and not every place is suitable for kids.



We received an invitation for my brother's (who has been my husband's friend since college) wedding which we later discovered was child free. My brother lives states away so the entire trip will take 4 days as well as my brother's inlaws weekend dinner party (their tradition)
I told my husband I want to go since it's been a while since I been to a wedding and this one is special and suggested we get a trusted friend as a babysitter. He asked if I was serious to consider leaving our 2 year old with a babysitter and suggested that I do what I normally do and stay home with the kids while he goes to the wedding. I refused and said I have as much right to attend as him since we both were invited. He said it wasn't his fault my brother wants a child free wedding and I should do this for the kids and sarifice for their sake. I still refused and said this was unfair and since he's a parent too then he should also stay for the kids.


He looked at me and said "That's my best friend's wedding you're asking me to skip for Christ's sake, are you kidding me?". Then said I was being petty for suggesting this and that I was basically choosing to go and party over keeping our kids safe. He asked me to consider this a business trip what would I do? Go with him and leave the kids?....
I said I understand his paranoia of babysitters but really all my friends have sitters and at times they're really needed. He said I ought to know better than what my friends tell me and this wasn't even up for discussion and when I kept arguing he called me selfish and said he won't let me ruin his relationship with his friend because I was being spiteful for not being able to attend and that my brother'll understand my situation.


He keeps asking who's more important  a wedding party or my kids and said I was unreasonable for making my attandance the hill to die on.


Aita? Am i being selfish for wanting to attend this wedding, my brother's wedding after 4 years not attending anything?I(27M) and my wife(24F) have been married for 3 years. She is 6 months pregnant. 

I have been looking for a job with a better pay since my wife said that she wanted to be a SAHM after the birth. 

Today, I had this interview for a position at a very good IT company which would be paying triple my current salary. 

There were a lot of measures taken to prevent malpractice. I was not allowed to look anywhere but the screen, etc. The test was conducted on an online platform. 

I had told her numerous times before the exam about the strict invigilation. 

Just 15 minutes after the test started, my wife started knocking on my study door and calling out my name saying she wanted me to open a jar. I ignored her because I would be disqualified from the interview if I looked anywhere else or spoke...  I figured she'd get the hint that I couldn't talk. But she didn't she yelled at me calling me an AH and went on to talk to her friends on call. It didn't stop at the calls, she played loud music for her online dance yoga class. It was extremely distracting and I made a lot of mistakes in the exam

It was a multiple choice questions based test so I got the results immediately and as expected I had miserably failed it. 

I was livid at my wife. This was the 5th interview that she ruined like this. I told her that I give up on trying to make her life easier and that I'm not ready to go looking for any more jobs since she doesn't even want to maintain silence during important interviews. I told her to start working again after the birth and that I am ok paying for a nanny/babysitter. 

She said that in being unreasonable in expecting perfect silence at home. 

AITA?We’ve been married for 3 years and I only just found out recently that before we got married my husband ran a background check on me and my family.

I found out because we were on vacation with his family and they were doing things I had no interest in participating in a few times so I stayed behind. He let me borrow his laptop because I left mine at home. I made a folder with my name and I was searching for it when I found another folder with my name. The folder was full of reports on me, my family (including extended family) and two of my childhood friends.

I read as much of the reports as I could before my husband and his family came home for the day. At first, I was just hurt he would do something like this without talking to me first but as I read more and started finding out things about my family and friends that I never even knew, I started to get angry. It’s hard to put it into words but I felt like I had gone cold all over but also like it wasn’t me reading these things.

So, when I saw my husband, I exploded on him in front of his family. At first, he tried to say it wasn’t a big deal and his cousin chimed in to say it was normal and he wasn’t the only one who had done it in their family. When he saw I wasn’t calming down he tried to get me to go into our room so we could talk about it privately but I told him I wasn’t going anywhere with him and I was leaving. My husband told me to stay and he would sleep somewhere else or he would leave but we were staying in a house owned by his parents and it felt weird for me to stay and make him leave, especially since his family were there still too. I ended up staying at a hotel for the night and we both flew home shortly after that cutting the vacation short.

AITA?My wife and I got married 4 years ago.  She had 2 kids from a previous relationship (now 8 & 10) that she has full custody of.  Their dad is not much of a figure in their lives.  I inherited my parents' house when they died about a decade ago and since my wife and her kids were living in an apartment, we decided it would be easiest if they moved into my house after we got married.  The kids now have their own rooms, there's a yard for them to play in, we got a dog, it's been really nice.

About a year ago, my wife's dad got sick and passed away.  It's been hard on a lot of her family members, but especially her mom.  A few months ago my wife brought up the idea of having her mom move in with us so that she wouldn't be alone.  I was very hesitant since her mom has her own health issues and adding another adult to the house changes the dynamics of the household completely.  

After a lot of discussion and pressure from my wife, I finally opened up to the idea, but there are still roadblocks.  The biggest being that we do not have a spare bedroom for MIL.  My wife's idea is to make the basement a kind of MIL suite.  However, I have spent the last decade turning the basement into my man cave.  Think bar, pool table, poker table, big screen TVs, etc.  I did a lot of the work myself and I'm pretty proud of it.  

I told my wife that it's pretty much a non-starter for me to give up that space as it's something I've been working on for a long time, since before I even met her.  My solution is to have the kids go back to sharing a room and MIL gets the other bedroom.  My wife said that her kids have gotten used to having their own space and she won't force them to give that up.  

I asked her why it's ok for me to have to give up my space, but not anyone else?  I told her I am the one who is gaining nothing from having MIL move in.  MIL would get to be around family, my wife gets her mom close, kids get their grandma, and I would have to give up something that I worked long and hard for?  Doesn't exactly sound like a sweet deal for me.

She called me a selfish asshole and told me I'm being ridiculous and stubborn.  She told me that this is now her house too and she's not going to make her kids sacrifice their space when we have a perfectly good space that MIL could use.  I told her that the basement is the one place in the house that I do not want changed, under any circumstances, no exceptions.

We've been fighting about this for weeks with neither of us willing to budge.  My wife is getting more and more hostile towards me and our relationship is suffering.  Do I just need to bite the bullet and give up my space?  I think I'm already giving up a lot by allowing MIL to move in with us, but am I being an asshole about this?[removed]
I’m pregnant with twins and my fiancé and I just found out we’re having a boy and a girl. We started talking about names the other day. He told me that he really wanted to name the boy baby after himself (first and middle). I wasn’t onboard at first but after thinking about it I agreed. 

I told him that for the girl baby I wanted her first name to be my sister’s since we’re very close and the middle to be my dads since he passed when I was young. (My dads name isn’t really unisex but it’s becoming a common girl’s name). My fiancé got visibly sad and told me he wanted to name the girl baby after his mom and have the middle name be his dads name (his dads name IS a unisex name). 

I told him that I didn’t really think it was fair that he got to name the first baby what he wanted and now wants to name the second baby also what he wants. I also said it wasn’t fair that my family gets excluded. He said he really wanted to incorporate at least his moms name.

I told him that the girl baby’s middle name can be his mom’s but then the boy’s middle name is going to be my dads. He said he wanted the boy baby named completely after him though so the baby is a Junior. I told him he doesn’t get to name both of the babies what he wants. He got upset about this comment and has been stand offish toward me. I don’t think that was so awful of me to say but now I’m second guessing my comment and wondering if I’m an asshole for it.

Edit: I feel I need to clear something up that I’m seeing a lot. Quite a lot of people keep telling me to give the kids original names and not name them after someone else. In my family it’s very normal to recycle names and name new babies after family members. It’s actually considered abnormal if you give your baby an “original” name. I know this isn’t the norm and it’s weird for others but like I said, it’s normal for us and our family actually loves having recycled names. A few of us love that we have the same names, we don’t find it weird and we enjoy it. Every family is different and our families enjoy sharing names, it’s fine if you don’t agree but that’s just how our family is.

Edit #2: UPDATE

Okay so, a lot to decompress here. First of all just wanted to say sorry for comments going unanswered, I was trying to keep up with them but there are so many haha. Thank you to everyone who took time out of their day to help me I appreciate it!

Now onto the actual update, my fiancé and I talked about this for a long time and I even showed him this post. He apologized for how he acted, he said he has always wanted children and just got excited over naming the babies. He said he didn’t mean to come off as selfish and didn’t mean to exclude my family he just got excited but said I was right and that it wasn’t fair of him to sulk about not getting to name both babies. And he knows he doesn’t get to name both, he was just being a moron (his words not mine).

I never wanted to use the “I’m growing them for 9 months and going through labor” card because I felt that was unfair but a lot of people here suggested I bring it up so I did end up pointing that out to him. He said that he knew that and he appreciated me for going through the hard work and obviously I should be able to input my name suggestions. 

He also said he hadn’t thought of the repercussions of having a Junior (same first, middle and last name) such as the financial issues or issues with paperwork. So we have decided no junior! Thank you to those who pointed that out to me. (And also thank you to the hilarious few who pointed out I would be calling out my son’s name during sex hahah)

So we have decided the boy baby’s middle name will be my fiancé’s dad’s name and the girl baby’s middle name will be my sister’s name. 

As for first names we have decided to use a different variation of family member’s names (which again, a few people have suggested thank you) So for the boy baby he will be named after my fiancé’s mother but it will be a different variation of the name such as Stephanie to Steven or Harriet to Harry. For the girl baby she will be named after my dad but a different variation such as James to Jane or Daniel to Danielle. 

This way the babies have a mix of his family’s names and my family’s names so there is no favoritism from our families and I get to keep up the tradition of using family names (just a little different) without the headache of having to deal with the paperwork of having a baby named the same as a family member.

Thank you again to everyone that put in your suggestions and gave me advice! 

And also sorry if I don’t respond to any comments I don’t think I’m going to use reddit for a while cause of mods. Thanks again everyone! :)Today I took my 3 month old twins to the supermarket by myself while my wife had a day to herself (she is a stay at home and I have been working a lot more due to the holidays) 

While shopping my daughter pooped, and I mean she POOPED. There’s no changing tables in the men’s room and there was no family bathroom. I went to the Starbucks in the store and asked if I could change her on one of the tables in the back (I have a blanket and a changing pad in my bag, her ass wouldn’t be on the bare table) The barista said yes so I got to business. 

An older woman, probably late 40’s early 50’s came up to me and started talking to my son who I was baby wearing on my back. He’s cute so I didn’t pay any mind. She then started telling me I needed to make sure to wipe her “little tookie” referring to her privates. I told her I am well aware of how to change a diaper, she continued to critique (best word I can use) my wiping style and eventually when I went to change her clothes due to baby poop blowout and while I was putting her dirty clothes in a waste bag, the woman goes to put her clothes on her. I snatched my daughter up off the table and told the woman “I don’t need someone else dressing my baby, go away you creep.” The woman looked flabbergasted and then started crying saying she was only trying to help. Pretty much everyone in the surrounding area told me that was an over reaction and she was only trying to assist me. 

I feel bad for snapping at her. My wife told me not to because she would have done the same thing, but I feel like a douche bag. 


AITA?


Edit: I have not had a comment asking this but I will put this out there 


I did not go to my car to change them because I did not have a car. I walked to the store that is only about a 5 minute walk, and I was not going to make my baby sit in poop while I finished shopping.

Final edit: I changed my baby on the table because I wasn’t going to allow my infant to sit in shit while I put my groceries back and walked home. I realize changing her on the table was not the best idea, but it was my only option. I could not change her on the floor of the men’s room with my other baby still on me, and the store manager told me it was alright and they will sanitize as soon as I was done. I also did not think to ask to use the women’s changing station. I recognize that I, as a 6’7 male, and intimidating and even with my two babies I thought it would be an issue. In the future I will make sure to ask, thank you for everyone who suggested it. 


Just to add, I didn’t ask if I was an asshole for changing my daughter on the table, and I don’t particularly care if you think I am. I asked if I was the asshole for how I responded to the woman. Thank you.


Edit December 18th 2021: for those of you asking for an update, I’m not sure what you want an update on. This was just a single interaction lol.About a year ago, my dad approached me and told me that he, my stepmom, and 2 half-brothers were thinking about moving to a new state. I had 50/50 custody and asked him what it meant for me. He said that he would pay for me to come for every school break and every other holiday. I was mad at him and told him that he already gets to spend all his time with my brothers and doesn't want that with me and it was difficult for me with 50/50, and now he wanted to move and really leave me?

He told me he didn't want to leave me, and I told him that if he moved, I would refuse to see him because he would be showing I was worthless to him. I told him if he forced me to come and didn't respect my wishes I would make life hell for him and his wife.

Anyways it has been 10 months and my mom made me visit him once and it sucked and I had to sleep on the couch. I have refused to go back and my dad texts calls me every single day and I do not respond. My stepmom recently called me screaming and said I was breaking my dad's heart and was a cruel daughter. I told her she was overstepping my boundary and to never contact me again. I think my dad deserves this and I was very clear with my intentions if he moved. My mom said I am being too hard on him and my stepmom 

edit 2: can’t make him want to see me. told him i’d come but i’m never going to spend the full holidays with him because i’d rather have the good moments with my mom because she’s the one who actually stuck around to take care of me. i told him i will not budge on seeing his wife and that when I come i want to stay in a hotel. I told him that he doesn’t have to visit me/come for my surgeries. told him that i don’t want to talk to him though but will interact with him when i visit/if he ever comes to see me
Me and my fiancee (both 20s) have been together for 3 years and had a long distance relationship. This is supposedly, her first thanksgiving with my family. My mom invited us to attend thansgiving dinner and when I told my fiancee about the invitation she asked about what was prepared for dinner and I said the traditional dishes every home prepares and she made a face and said she'll accept the invitation and go BUT will bring her own cooked food with her. I was shocked I asked why because as far as I know she's not allergic nor vegan and she hasn't even tried my mom's cooking. She said that is just her choice and wanted to eat something else to add new flavor for thanksgiving since she was always forced to eat the same old traditional meals every year by her family.

I was mad I told her it'd be disrespectful of her as a first time guest at our family's thanksgiving but she said it was better than telling my mom to cook other dishes specifically for her. I told her no she can not bring food with her and if she insists then she needs to stay home and not come with me because I'm not about to let her offend my mom's cooking. She got all dramatic almost crying saying I was being controlling and that I should just let her come and bring her own food instead of overreacting like that. I stood my ground and she kept saying she wanted to bring food and that she wasn't willing to go hungry to please my mom. I had it at this point and got ready to go over to my parents who live hours away.

I got in the car with my stuff and left her behind crying then started calling me saying I should not have went and left her alone at home and that I was wrong for making this my hill to die and causing her to miss my mom's invite.

I'm at my parents house right now. I made up some excuse as to why my fiancee didn't come but I'm still bothered by what happened especially when she keeos guilting me for leaving her behind calling me selfish jerk and whatnot.

ETA: Oh yeah, She was actually planning on bringing an entire cooked meal so I wasn't just talking about some side dishes to share with the family. that would've been a different story.

Me F27 and Phil M32 have been married for 3yrs. We both have families who want to be first in everything.
Phil read me an article about boundaries and encouraged me to set boundaries for both families, I agreed and we made progress.



As the birth of our son approached we handled the families requests~ Both moms wanted to be in the room we said no, Both dads wanted first photo with the baby but we said no til they agree, Both families wanted to be at the hospital to see our son but we said no then agreed to host a gathering on Tuesday where both families get to see our son at the same time for the first time. no pics, posts or video calls til then since I needed to recover.

Everything was going well it started when Phil secretly took a picture of our son and sent it to his family. It blew up, everyone tagged everyone on FB Mom and family saw not only the picture but posts my inlaws made saying "we won in the end" or "our grandson chose us" and "1-0". MIL lied about taking the picture herself at the hospital.

Mom called crying saying Phil leaked and shared pic of our son and violated the agteement both families had.
Dad said that on top of the defeat they had to deal with the propaganda and emotional stress from inlaws. I was fuming I asked Phil if he sent his family a picture of our son hours ago. He said (jokingly) - ummm...yesn't.

I blew up at him saying we had an agreement and me and family respected it but he and family OTOH were humiliating my family, ruining their joy and rubbing the fact that they got to be the first to see our son in their face.

He said so what? my family should quit being overdramatic when "shit" don't go their way. I said his family are the ones with the overdramatic, passive, aggressive attitude.
I showed him every post and tag they made and asked if he'd be happy if my family did this.
He scrolled for a couple minutes nodding n' looking impressed. He said all he did was innocently sent mom a picture since she couldn't stop calling, hassling and begging him for one picture -

I said he still violated our agreement to not share photos til tuesday and this way his family will never respect the boundaries we ~"try"~ to set. I asked if those "boundaries" were just for my family to keep them at arms length while obviously favoring his. He said - that's my son I have the aurhority to send a picture of him to whomever I please, okay! Your family?...the entire lot of them can either STEFU and get over it or wait for your sister to "miraculously" give them a baby.


We argued some more and I refused to drop it. he said I overreacted, blew his joy, and made a big deal out of it Just cause my family has nothing better to do then cry "woe is me" and wrapped up by saying I clearly was enmenshed, too deep in the fog and needed to cut the damn cord already. I'm thinking I might've been harsh. AITA?


Context; Phil doesn't have the best relationship with my family. He thinks they are controlling and trys to exclude them from events while letting his family get involved in everything. He's not always home due to work at the local PD (Police Department) but he still controls what events my family should/shouldn't attend. Also, my sister is infertile that way Phil said "miraculously" and that hurt me on her behalf.[removed]My husband M35 is a bank clerk and I F29 have WFH job which I barely bear since I'm an active outdoor person and like doing gardening stuff in particular.
I figured since I have background in gardening I decided to use our spacious backyard to grow flowers and sell them online after arranging and organizing them into bouqets.
When I brought this up with my husband he said this was the worst idea ever, adding this would be major waste of time and money and suggested I look for a 2nd job.


I didn't listen and started my business little by little. In a matter of 18 months it started bringing decent money and I gained customers.
My husband offered to look at how much I was able to make in the past months and was impressed.


The other day he was standing with his drink while I was checking my flowers. He talked about what a good job I was doing keeping "our" business "flowing". I corrected him about it being our business and reminded him about how little faith he had in my potential to make decent money out of growing, selling cut flowers. He was like "Well...I didn't honestly think your little gardening hobby was going to get anywhere but now that business is "flourishing" I want my fair share of profit and won't settle for less than 50%"

I was puzzled I asked why he thought he should get any share of profit let alone 50%. His answer was that I was using his soil to grow my flowers on.

I said this is our house/our soil not just his since we're married and both our names are on the title. He was like "actually I owned this house long before you came along so it's technically mine!" I replied that he must be aware it'll be split in half in case of seperation. He laughed and joked about how silly I was for "hinting" seperation just because he was asking for something that he so richly deserves which is 50% of the profit. I said no and that he was delusional to ask cause even his soil alone doesn't magically grow my flowers there's a lot of work to it from picking, buying seeds, taking time, effort to care for them. Collecting, triming, and selling them while all he does is sit back.

I said it didn't matter to him when I started using "his soil" why now? He said it always matters when money is involved!. We had an argument about it and he apologized BUT ONLY for approaching the subject rudely but still wants 50%.
He's been silent about it since after stating that he already said what he needed to say and I needed to make the right decision. AITA?

To clarify my husband and I both have our own salaries, we contribute equally towards expenses. It's his idea since he had a divorce before. He still has things that he owns alone which isn't bad since money has never been an issue. It's not like he needs money for an emergency or something he just wants 50% of profit going forward.I (35 M) was working out at the gym and I'm resting in-between workouts and I want to play a mobile game. This mobile game let's you switch between landscape and portrait but the only way to switch is to rotate it while  the phone is upright. You can't switch if your phone screen is facing the ceiling.

Anyways I am playing and this 20s something girl comes up to me and and is like hey you. I lock my screen and I'm like hey what's up? She immediately grabs my phone and tells me to give her my lock screen pass code.

I'm like no give me my phone. And she starts screeching about how I was taking creepy pictures of her and that I need to delete them.

I'm telling her that I was just playing a mobile game and she must have seen me trying to rotate my screen. Sorry if it was pointed in her direction ect.

She the gym workers into this and tells them she wants me kicked out. The gym workers were great and we're really nice too both of us. They asked me if I could just give them the passcode and they could check my phone as a third party.

I ask the girl what is she gonna give me if she's wrong? This is a pretty messed up allegation. She was like you get to keep working out here and I'll maybe apologize. I tell her that's not good enough. I ask her if she has any cash or venmo or something. After some back and forth she pulls out a 20 and I'm like good okay if they unlock my phone and don't see any photos of you, I get to keep this $20? She agrees because she seems fairly sure of herself.

Well the guys end up unlocking my phone and see my mobile game is still on screen. Then they go to the photos and look thru the photos from the day and don't see any of her.

So I'm like cool and grab my phone and my money. She starts going off about how I probably hid them or something. Now my girlfriend who came over 2/3 into this whole ordeal says I could have just unlocked my phone for her and not embarrassed this girl. I said it was the principle of the matter. Girlfriend says this girl is going to probably think twice.about calling people out in the future and one of them may be the real deal. I told her that's not my problem, she can't just embarrass people in a public setting like this and expect to get away with it.

Tldr: AITA for making a girl pay me money because she was wrong about me creeping on her when she was just trying to protect herself?For some weird reason my MIL really wants to go into our bedroom whenever she comes over.  On one occasion I followed her as she went upstairs (i was going to get something for my child as the bedrooms are upstairs) and she walked past the bathroom on the main floor and up the stairs behind it.  She didn’t hear me and I caught her walking straight into my room and rifling through bills on my dresser.  She denied snooping (even though I’d just watched her do it) and said she was just going to use our bathroom because she couldn’t find the other ones. She walked right past the one on the main floor and another one in the upstairs hallway to go into our bedroom. Since that happened, I installed an exterior doorknob that requires a key on our bedroom door and one on the door to our office/spare bedroom. 

However, she’s still always “forgetting” where the bathroom is and trying the bedroom and office door.  This really ticks me off.  My husband says that I just get annoyed at this because everything she does drives me crazy and since we’ve put locks on the rooms we don’t want her in, there isn’t really a problem anymore.  

Well over the holidays we had my in laws over for dinner and before they came I was searching for the bedroom keys. We hadn’t used them in a while since we only lock the doors when MIL comes over.  My husband told me we didn’t need to lock the doors since she wouldn’t try to get into the rooms and I insisted that she would because she loves to snoop.  We went back and forth and decided to cover the doorknobs in super fine glitter to see if she tried them.  

I did this once before when husband didn’t believe me about the snooping to prove she’d been in the rooms.  Last time she ignored the glitter and we didn’t say anything about it but then my husband couldn’t deny that she’d tried to snoop.  So this time I covered the knobs in glitter and for the office went a touch further and rigged a little folder of glitter over the door to the office before the in laws came over.  I left it one side unlocked (French doors) and it was set so if you walked in the room you would get covered in glitter. 

Husband goes out of his way to show his mom the main floor bathroom when they got here and specifically asks his parents and sister not to go upstairs.  There’s a  baby gate so the kids can’t get upstairs either. 

Well guess who had to go to the bathroom and got covered in glitter and had it all over their hands and hair?  She completely lost it and started screaming at me so I yelled back and now my husband is saying I went too far and I’m the asshole.  MIL also says I’m the asshole but SIL says I didn’t do anything wrong and MIL deserved it for snooping.  FIL is Switzerland.  Apparently her car is ruined now too because it’s covered in glitter that she cant get cleaned up. So AITA?

ETA: I can’t believe this blew up and I wanted to say thank you for all the support and the awards!  My husband woke up and found this post and I think the comments have been an eye opener.  We are going to start couple’s therapy in January so I think that will be great for us.  

I will be ordering some cellulose glitter that is biodegradable and safer for future projects.  

And if she comes over again I will set up a camera haha or at least print out some fun fake documents so if she snoops again she can at least find something interesting :)I cannot believe that there is a spilt opinion for this at my office, but here we go.

A co-worker of mine (39F) recently had twin boys after a long battle with infertility. She has made her first appearance into the office with her new babies to introduce them to our team.

When asked what she had named the boys (as up until this appearance she was undecided) she told me that she was naming them "Sean". When I asked about the other baby, she said "no, they are both Sean, one with an "A" and one with an "E"  so Sean and Seen". This co-workers last name is also "Sean". When I pointed this out she said "yes, like Tom Tom or Jay Jay".

I immediately and without thinking said "that is the most idiotic thing I've heard, and it's going to be so confusing".

A bunch of people laughed and a bunch immediately looked away. After she left, I got a few text messages saying it's not my place to comment on people's choice of name.

Am I the asshole for saying that that is a terrible naming idea?

Edit. Additional information.

No, they don't have middle names, she wanted their names to be like "Tom Tom, or Jay Jay".

This is apparently not the first round of negative feedback she has had.

We are on good terms, we have worked together across three companies over 12 years, she just said "it'll grow on you".

The names both pronounced "Sean" like "Shawn".

**EDIT AND UPDATE**

My co-workers husband (who is also a co-worker) saw the post last night. They had a good chuckle and ended up agreeing with the replies that the naming process wasn't ideal, and maybe the overwhelming process of having two new borns left them too tired to think straight.

Despite the fact they had already sent off the paperwork to birth deaths and marriages office (the place you lodge births for in Australia), they called up the Brisbane office and the paperwork had only been provisionally processed (due to Xmas time), and they have used this time to reassess.

They have withdrawn the paperwork **(FOR SEEN ONLY)** and will think of a new name, but they are keeping Sean Sean as they like it.

I have also been reported to HR for making this reddit post (not by the parents, they think it's hilarious) so well well, if it's isn't the consequences of my actions.

They also want everyone to know that "calling her an idiot isn't the worst thing I've said to her this year, and while I'll definitely an AH, that's more of an in general thing than tied to this situation".

Happy holidays to everyone.

**Final update:**

A lot of people wanted an update post my meeting with HR for whatever reason so here it is, but as expected it was underwhelming.

Met with HR yesterday (10th), meeting was pretty brief and definitely a waste of everyone's time.

They asked if I were aware of the company's social media policy.

I said I was, and I am fairly confident that I have not breached it.

They agreed I hadn't, and asked me "to be more considerate of co-workers feelings" and to "not put this meeting all over the internet".

I said "I'll definitely be doing an update" and that "I'll be sure to not call the next person naming their child Seen Sean an idiotic".

Again, I work in banking and while there is a long way to go with fixing the culture across every banking organisation I think HR was just doing their thing, and making sure I'm on notice in case I... I dunno take a photo of me stealing candy from baby while wearing the company logo or something.Okay, so me and my fiancé (both 28) invited his parents for dinner at our place. I cooked a meal (not simple but not extravagant because I am not an amazing cook) and it was ready before they arrived. 

When they arrived we had a conversation and the they sat down. I went to the kitchen to serve the plates when I hear his dad telling me to do it quicker. I wasn’t too bothered by that comment since they were probably hungry so I ignored it. 

After I served them the plates and sat down I thought the “quicker” comment was in the past. But his dad started saying something to his son like “here’s a lesson for you. women need to feel threatened by another woman in order to reach their full potential. if OP had felt threatened she would’ve been faster.” 

I was literally on the same table so I heard it and got very mad, but it is his dad so I decided to let my fiancé  handle it. His mother didn’t seem surprised, she just kept eating and joined the conversation. 

Well, he didn’t tell his dad to stop. Instead he started laughing and saying something like “oh yeah, don’t worry. once we get married things will be different.”

And that was it for me. I didn’t make a scene so I waited until they left to talk to my fiancé. I told him I was very mad at him for laughing at his comment instead of just saying no ir changing the topic. 

He said that I am overreacting and that it was just the way his dad jokes. I told him I didn’t find the “joke” funny. 
He got pissed off and told me to talk to him once I’ve calmed down. 

AITA?

I just realized I made a mistake, I don’t have a son. On the part where FIL says the comment I wrote “to my son”. I was going to write “my fiancé” but it mixed up with “his son”.

——

Edit: This is my update, for anyone who wonders: 

https://www.reddit.com/user/Competitive_Path_715/comments/td0gmz/update_on_my_situation/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmfI(29f) work as a waitress at a restaurant with a point system. It's 1 point if you are late, 3 points to call off with notice, and 5 points for calling off within 4 hours of your shift. This is fine with me as I have no points this year and have only called off once since 2018. I'm the type who covers shifts, stays late and generally just go to do my job.

Last week, I ended up calling off and was out for a week due to being hospitalized in the ICU with a horrible infection. I let my boss know at 2am that I was being sent out by helicopter and kept her informed of everything going on. Today was my first day back. I'm not 100% yet but like many places, we are short staffed. When I came in today, I opened and got to work. My boss came in 2 hours later and called me into her office. She informed me I was getting 8 points, losing my discounts and bonuses for 90 days, and was on probation. I was dumbfounded and told her I wasn't signing the papers as it was out of my control. She said if I didn't, I would be terminated. I told her not to bother and walked out. 

I'm now getting calls and texts from her and my coworkers saying they need me and I was an ass for quiting over something so small. My husband thinks I was in the right because it was ridiculous that I was getting punished for almost dying.

AITA?The title sounds awful but please read all the way til the end. DO NOT SPEED READ THIS. 

My (22f)  sister "Anna" (21) is "special need". She has severe autism and while she is verbal most of her communication is "physical" like sign language  due to her social discomfort. She does speak around family though and has pretty bad cognitive skills. She can't comprehend boundaries and lives with our parents so they can best watch her. 

I am getting married in 3 months. We planned a simple wedding and reception at my fiance "Michael's" parents barn and farm. Since it's all gonna be DIY and we aren't planning anything too expensive,  we can do things pretty quickly since flowers, food and decor will be provided by his family. 

I sent out invites last week and I asked that Anna not come. I told my parents I understood that would mean they may not show up but it was just a heads up. Why no Anna? She has an issue with touching Michael and trying to kiss him. At times when we were at my parents house Anna would try and grab Michael's hands, try to lean in to kiss him or would have a really bad shutdowns if she wasn't allowed to be directly next to him. We've tried speaking to her but there's only so much we can do when she doesn't really understand. I told my parents I just want one day for Michael to be *my* partner and not Anna's comfort person. They called me selfish and asked how I expected them to agree to something like this. They told me Anna is disabled and may never experience a wedding of her own and while I have Michael for probably the rest of our lives she'll have no one and that Michael and I can be a little more understanding to the reality of her life. 

I feel like a total ass and what they're saying has really gotten to me and I'm starting to question my decision.  AITA?

Update: My parents called me letting me know they won't be coming and that it's best I don't bring Michael around anymore since I've "chosen some man over my sister". They told me that Anna wanting to kiss Michael and hug him is normal for a women her age and that she doesn't understand what her feelings mean. I suggested they try to redirect her during the wedding but they said Michael is gonna be family to her and he needs to "get over it". I suggested they watch the wedding via web and they said that's not fair and that they deserve to see things in person. I asked if *I* could pay for someone with proper credentials to watch her that day while they attention and they asked what I would do when they died and if I'd pawn her off every time. I dropped the unfortunate truth bomb that I don't want to put any more of my life aside for Anna anymore. I did it up until I turned 18. And that Anna is not my life's responsibility and I won't be her keeper. I assured them I'd pay for her care but if she's okay doing this to Michael then I worry for if I ever do choose to have children and what she'd do to them 
 They said I was sick for suggesting she'd do anything to my future children and hung up on me. They sent a lengthy text telling me not to contact them until I could "do the right thing".  So thts where we are right now.

PLEASE READ: This is NOT an excuse to talk badly about disabled people's nor is this an opportunity to air out your hatred for them. My sister is not a scapegoat to hate disabled people. She is a human being with feelings, she is not a statistic, she is not evil. Please stop treating my sister as if she's a malicious monster, this debacle is between me and my parents. Leave her out of it, please. I am begging you, I don't want to hear why you think my sister sucks.[deleted]I (28F) and my husband (29M) met in college and have been married for 6 years. My husband was raised in a strict evangelical household but broke away from those beliefs around the time we met. We had what I thought was a very happy marriage until my husband's father passed away in early 2021 (he received a cancer diagnosis and was gone a few weeks later). My husband was and is, very understandably, completely devastated - he had remained very close to his father, despite no longer following the religious beliefs of his childhood.

My husband decided to honor his father's memory by rejoining his church. Unfortunately, it is one of those churches that forbids many things I find fun and relatively harmless and classifies them as "addictions" or "tools of Satan." For example, before his father's passing my husband and I enjoyed having a glass of wine or cocktail now and then (maybe a couple times a week) and also enjoyed weed or edibles (legally) once every month or two. But after joining the church my husband decided he was an alcoholic and drug addict. He also decided that his occasional porn use (we enjoyed it together to spice things up now and then) was also an "addiction." He is now insisting that I am also an addict because I don't want to give all these things up. I tried to meet him halfway - I don't care about weed and am fine never using again, and agreed not to drink at home if my husband truly wanted to have a sober household, but said I would still want to have an occasional drink when out with friends. I will admit I like (written) erotica, which he never thought was a problem until he became religious. He also threw away my vibrator saying it was an instrument of the Devil.

The latest is that my husband's pastor told him video games (all games, not just M rated ones) are sinful and now my husband is insisting I have a video game addiction and need treatment. Gaming is a main hobby for me, probably around 8-10 hours a week. It's not an addiction in my view, just something I really enjoy! I work full-time, cook, clean, exercise, etc. I'm not neglecting anything else in my life (except respect for my husband's new beliefs, I guess) by gaming.

My husband wants me to start going to church with him. He says he will go to couples counseling but only through his church, not to a secular counselor. I told him that I understand he is grieving and struggling and I want to be kind and supportive, and if it really helps we can keep alcohol and weed out of the house, but I am not going to become an evangelical (unlike him, I was raised with atheist parents) and am not going to restrict myself to activities he finds acceptable under his religious beliefs. I also asked him to please stop labeling habits he doesn't like as "addiction." Of course he now thinks I am an AH for being mean to him while he is grieving. Most of our family members and friends also think I should do what he asks in the name of being supportive. So, AITA?I've been with my wife for about five years, married two and we have a one year old son. My mom is the type of person who doesn't like change, doesn't like new people, and keeps to herself. That being said she isn't controlling and doesn't seem to care what her kids do with their lives, but she doesn't like when she feels things are pushed on her. She is also someone who will just keep doing what she does without thinking, so when she continued to buy me lavish gifts, but nothing for my wife or baby, I didn't think it was malicious, but it hurt my wife that even after marriage my mom wasn't buying her gifts.

I sat down with my mom and explained this. My mom was totally shocked and couldn't believe my wife expected a gift. I tried to explain that my wife is part of the family now, but my mom was upset and said she has three kids and shouldn't have to pretend my wife is her kid. She really seemed surprised, so I do think that was genuine, and she kept saying how mortified she would be if her husband expected gifts from her parents and that she wouldn't be with such an "entitled child"

Finally I told my mom to just stop. It is ok if she has a difference of opinion, but she is hurting my wife and it needs to stop. My mom thought about it for a couple of months, talked to my sisters (who said she should just suck it up and buy gits for our partners) and her ultimate decision was that she didn't want to host Christmas anymore. I thought she was bluffing, so I ignored it for months. I realized she was serious and said fine we can do it at my house, but she didn't want to come. I mailed her a small gift as a test, she mailed it back. Finally I was like fuck it and did Christmas with my wife, sisters, and their partners. 

Both of my sisters were miserable the whole time and one cried which I thought was crazy dramatic. My mom was on vacation and had her phone off. The sister who cried finally blew up that my wife and I ruined Christmas and ruined our family and she left early. Her and my other sister called out mom later and finally got her to answer, and begged her to do a "normal" Christmas again, and my mom said she feels like now that we are all getting married and having kids it shouldn't be her "problem" anymore and she will think about it but is leaning towards me. Now my sisters are angry and feel that I ruined family Christmas.I'll preface this by saying that my (45) son Tim (23) recently got married to his now wife Sara (22). We get along just fine as a family. Though she tends to act passive aggressively sometimes. She loves food and is always open to trying my cooking. She said my cooking was amazing though she made few negative comments about certain meals and advised me to use xyz ingredients next time.


I invited them over for thanksgiving yesterday. The whole family was there. The bell rang and I opened the door to see Tim and Sara. Sara was carrying what seemed to be a container. I didn't ask about it nor paid much attention to it. Everyone sat down to eat after I set up the table and but dinner on it. My main dish was the traditional thanksgiving dish every family in our community knows. I had appeitizers and side dishes and of course salad and dessert.

Sara then put the container on the table and started unloading food on to her empty plate. Everyone was watching as my eyes widened up. I asked what she was doing and she said she brought her own food to eat since she won't eat what I cooked. I was stunned I politly asked if there was a reason for that and she shook her head. I asked if she was vegan she said no. I asked if she was allergic to anything at the table and she said no. I asked if she was having an upset stomach or anything but she said no. I asked then why not eat what I cooked for them all day? She just smug smiled at me which sete off. I told her that it was disrespectful of her to bring food to to the thanksgiving dinner that I was hosting. She started arguing that she gets to eat whatever she wants whenever she wants. I said it's about basic respect and decency. Tim asked her to at least try some of the dishes I prepared but she lashed out telling him that him and I were being unbelievable by deciding what she should eat and forcing her to take it. I said it wasn't like that but she just got up and said she did not appreciate how I insulted her for simply not wanting to eat my food. She grabbed her stuff, excused herself and walked out. Tim quietly followed her and they left. I was so upset. Everyone was just staring. my husband said I should've just let it go and not comment on Sara's food choice but I couldn't help but feel disrespected in my own home. He said I made dinner awkward by focusing so much honestly.

Tim texted me this morning apologizing but said I should talk to Sara to clear the confusion but I'm not sure if there was any confusion she chose to bring food to my house after I cooked especially for her and the others.I met "Will" when I was 22. Will was 29, with 2 kids, and had newly been widowed. We had whirlwind courtship where he introduced me to the kids and got me involved in their lives VERY early (first few days after I met him.) Will said really quickly he was sure I was "the one," not only for himself but also for his kids. That we'd have an incredible, happy family life. We got married when I was 23, Will was 30, and his kids were 8 and 6. Our wedding ceremony also included me and the kids making promises to each other, which was Will's idea. 

Soon Will shoved ALL the childcare onto me. I wasn't a stay at home spouse, I worked full time and always have. But he always had "reasons" for me to do the childcare - him being sore from doing a physical job, me being "better" at it since I babysat kids this age in the past and he never had. Or "girl stuff" for his daughter. Or cooking or anything. He always had some reason and it ended up always on me. 

He started playing video games and "relaxing" from getting home until bed, because he was "tired" and he was "bringing in the money and keeping the roof over everyone's heads," though that wasn't really true. He said he DESERVED to relax. Then he went out with his friends or brought them back to drink beer and watch loud TV. 

He developed a major attitude with me, and encouraged same in the kids. They found it funny. He started openly disrespecting me and encouraged them to also. He was the ultimate "fun dad" and I got put in the role of the mean witch. Sometimes they all ganged up on me and mocked me. But also all expected me to serve them and constantly be jumping up to care for them.

By the end of the first year I realized the marriage was a big mistake, but felt guilty leaving because of my promises to the kids. Another year went by and I realized that no matter how I tried, and how I knew they were only kids and I didn't really blame them, I genuinely hated both of the kids. And I could not lie to myself any more and pretend that I loved them. I did not, and I never would. One day I just walked out, packed up everything of mine and moved out while nobody was at home. I left a note explaining it wasn't working and saying goodbye. That was the end. 

Cue shitstorm from my ex and a bitter divorce, but we both walked away with what we went into the marriage with (not much for either of us). I had never legally adopted the kids so I had no rights or responsibilies about them and I never reached out to any of them again. Honestly I was overjoyed to be rid of all of them.

15 years have gone by and that seems like a lifetime ago, or another person's life, but I'm still in my 30's. I was recently shocked to get a message from Tamara, Will's daughter, now 25. Tamara said I betrayed and traumatized her for life for "abandoning them" after my promises to them. She said I had a "responsibility to never leave no matter what." I know she remembers the horrible way she treated me though.I’m a housewife, my husband works a 9-5, so I take care of the house all day, laundry, dishes, kids, etc.

I just had a baby so I’m still bleeding and I can’t wear tampons (I can’t wear tampons anyway because I have a tilted cervix) so I wear pads. When I change my pad, I wrap it in toilet paper and usually the wrapper that the other one came in but sometimes just toilet tissue. 

My husband always tells me it’s really gross when he goes to the bathroom and can see the bloody tissue that my pad is wrapped in and he doesn’t need to see that. 

We got in a fight about it with him telling me it’s disgusting to see the blood and no one needs to know I’m “on my period” which I’m not on my period, I’m bleeding from birthing a baby. 

I told him I would start disposing of my pads the way he wants me to when he learns how to wipe better and I don’t have to scrub shit stains out of his boxers. 

He told me I was out of line and has slept in the guest room the last couple nights. 


AITA?


Edit to add: we have a trashcan with a lid but our dog recently broke it trying to get into the trash. I ordered another on Amazon but it hasn’t come yet, and I don’t have a car to go get one myself.


Edit: I’ve left some pretty emotion fueled comments so I think I’m gonna back off for a little bit. Thank you for everyone’s input and judgment.I'm a lesbian, and I've been with my girlfriend for almost two years now.

My family, including my sister, is all fine with me being gay and supportive of my relationship. However, her fiancé comes from a very regressive and religious family, and while he himself is fine, his extended family is very traditional and anti-gay.

My sister gave me my invitation in person instead of mailing it, and explained that I wasn't getting a +1 because having a gay couple at the wedding would likely end up causing lots of drama with his side of the family. All my other siblings have +1s and are welcome to bring their (hetero) partners.

I understand where she's coming from, but it still feels like such a slap in the face. I'm not going to try and force her to give me a +1, but I'm seriously considering not going. I love my sister, but I'm not comfortable spending a whole day alone, while my other siblings are allowed to bring their partners, just because my sister wants to cater to a bunch of bigots.

I haven't said anything to anyone yet, but if I so stay home, would I be the asshole?
My m34 wife's f30 birthday was a couple of weeks ago. She was very honest and vocal about what she wanted and it was SL buckled bracelet. I bought it for her and it cost me 300 using my own account (we do not purchase each other gifts using the joint account) Since money is tight this gift broke my back but still I wanted her to feel appreciated at her birthday.

I gave her the bracelet and she was thrilled. Said she admired it and put it on right away. Later that night and after the birthday celebration was over. I found out that my wife purchased a $900 necklace using my account. I asked why she bought herself a gift knowing I already purchased her a gift and asked why she used my money. She nervously said she wasn't sure that I was going to get her anything for her birthday and so she planned ahead and bought the necklace. She said that she used my money because ...obviously the gift is supposed to come from me. I was puzzled as she explained her reasons. I was mad $900 was a lot to spend on a gift, besides I already bought her a gift so this was unnecessary spending process. I told her since I did bring her the gift she wanted then she needed to return the "alternative" gift she bought for herself. She refused and argued that I was being heartless and selfish to make her return her birthday gift. I insisted and told her I'd do it myself if she kept refusing. She said she will just return the $300 gift but I said no not the $300 gift that I agreed to pay for and she should return the $900 gift I never agreed to let her have. She returned it after I pressured her and kept sulking saying I'm a controlling jerk with no regard for her feelings on her birthday. She got her sister involved and she ended up calling me an abusive asshole for making money a priority over my wife's happiness.


It's been 2 weeks and she's still cold shouldering me.My (f14) dad and stepmom adopted Maria (9f) like 4 years ago. My grandparents on my dad's side never really liked her and my my dad hasn't let us see them after something happened like 3 years ago. 

Every year for our birthdays and Christmas, my grandparents would send us each $150. They sent the check, my dad would cash it, and put the money in a card for us to open with the rest of our presents. 

My birthday was 2 weeks ago and I opened the check from my grandparents and saw that it was actually $300. I asked my dad and stepmom why I was only getting half and they said that my grandparents never sent anything for my sister so they saved half to give to her on her birthday and gave her half on Christmas. 

I know it was kinda mean but I yelled at my dad, stepmom, and sister for taking my money and I called my mom to pick me up. I haven't talked to any of them since except to tell my dad I don't want to see my stepmom or sister for a while and that I want to live with my mom. 

I was telling my friends about it and they said I was kinda being a bitch to my sister so I wanted to know if I was the asshole[removed]
I F33 have been working in this company for 4 years. I have great relationship with my co workers and one of them is "Austin". Austin is incredibly sociable and easy to adapt with new co workers. We talk about all kinds of stuff while of course keeping it professional.


I'm married and recently found out I was pregnant but only my husband knew about it. Haven't even told anyone in our families or friend circle.
The other day at work me and the co workers were on lunch break and Austin was with us. We talked then he suddenly got up from his chair and asked for everyone's attention for a minute. I didn't know what that was about til he loudly announced that I was pregnant. I was stunned, like mouth open eyes not moving just staring at him as he and the other rushed to congratulate me and flood me with well wishes and parenting jokes and advice. I was in utter shock I asked how he knew and he said "remember when you gave me a ride the other day? I saw your pregnancy test result on the dashboard" my first action was lashing out at him infront of everyone asking why the hell he just shared a private medical information at my workplace. He said he was just sharing "our joy" with everyone else since only him and I knew. Other co workers asked that I calm down but I meanly told him he was out of line and that I will be reporting him to my superior for this then stormed off while Austin just stood there.

My female co workers came to tell me how rude I was towards Austin's "nice gesture" and insisted I hurt him and that I overreacted especially for saying I will be reporting him since he was just sharing happy news with everyone and I was just being too sensitive but I felt my privacy was violated plus I wanted to tell everyone on my own terms. Still my co workers tried to talk me out of it. Not just that but apologize to him for lashing out like that.

Aita for my reaction?I inherited a house a few years ago after the passing of my grandfather. The timing was perfect as I had just graduated and it wasn’t that far from the area where I wanted to work.

About 2-3 years ago a development company bought a bunch of surrounding property to build a semi-gated community. The fence for the community ends a good few yards away from my property but isn’t closed all the way.

Now that people have moved in I’ve been getting HOA letters about fees, my lawn, and my house paint. I tried emailing the HOA president but they never got back to me.

I crashed the last meeting they had and explained that my house wasn’t part of the neighborhood and therefore not part of the HOA. The president and board members tried to say that I was because of how close my property is.

It isn’t, and I have documentation from the development company and the county saying it isn’t. After the meeting the president emailed back and said that regardless of the particulars I should still try to conform to the rest of the community because I was bringing property values down.

I know that I was very lucky in getting my home and I don’t want to negatively affect others, especially considering the current market.

AITA for not listening to the HOA?My (26M) sister Maya (25F) is engaged to a man from a middle eastern culture. We were raised with no religion or big ethnic customs. Her wedding is set for March 2022. I also just got a save the date for one of my college friends on the same date in a different part of the country.

Now normally it'd suck to miss a friend's wedding but sister probably overrules friend. The thing is, her wedding is going to be in the custom of her fiancé's family, which is to segregate based on sexes and not allowing alcohol. Meaning I'd have to be totally sober and not even allowed to hang out with my girlfriend. That sounds like a boring time for both of us. My friend's wedding is more "normal" American in that there's no separations and its an open bar. My girlfriend and I are both pretty good friends with the bride and groom and it will be so much more fun. I told Maya I'm not comfortable with the setup of her wedding and am going to go to my friend's instead and she's super pissed at me.  I told her if they have a more normal one I'd go but Im not going to spend money traveling and for a hotel to be sober for a weird wedding and not even be allowed to dance with my gf when I could go to a good friend's wedding and have a great time instead.

My parents are kinda with me too. My dad said I should put my gf first and agrees it wont be nearly as good of a time. My mom isn't exactly thrilled about the culture Maya's marrying into (it's very sexist) and said while she's sad I wont be in the pictures, she gets it. Maya however has not taken it well and keeps texting me about it accusing me of not only being a bad brother but of being Xenophobic..Thats not accurate as if it was another culture that allowed men and women to spend time together at weddings or atleast drink I'd go but this is just weird. Right now Im just leaving her on read while I think of what to say.

\*  When I say segregated, I don't just mean the seating to eat. Its separate rooms for the entire event.

Didn't expect this big of a reaction. I'm going to log off now feeling pretty assured of my decision. Thank you[deleted]I’ve had a previous experience with this group as I live in a neighborhood that has an HOA but I was there before the rest of the houses were built and before they formed this group. I’m not a member in anyway and that has been verified by a real estate attorney. 

So anyway apparently they have a rule over how many lights you can put up and what the earliest date you can put them up. The woman who I deal with the most when I upset them came by on 11/30 and told me my lights were against the policy and that I was not allowed to have as many lights up as I do. 

I told her that we been over this before that I am in no way beholden to their policies and don’t care. I told her out of respect to the people in the neighborhood I did like that I wasn’t going to go full Clark Griswold on my house but that my nieces and nephews loved lights so I would be putting up a fair amount. I also told her that I didn’t care about their rules that the lights could only be on during certain hours and that once done putting them up on the 30th I would likely turn them on and leave them on till Christmas. 

She told me that me breaking the rules upset other members and that I should respect their rules even if I don’t follow them because I technically live in the neighborhood. She offered me a flyer which apparently had their rules for lights. 

I tossed it in the trash and told her to just get off my property. I probably could’ve entertained some of what she asked but I’ve just had enough of them.I (25f) had my daughter back in October with my husband(30m). My husband grew up with his mother being a SAHM while his father worked, and wanted that in our relationship. When I got pregnant I was still wfh majority of the time so he reluctantly agreed for me to keep working while pregnant. We decided that I'd stay employed for the 6 weeks paid maternity leave then quit.

&#x200B;

I genuinely thought this was what I wanted but honestly it's been awful. My husband works in Law and has long hours, leaving me alone to handle everything around the house on top of a baby. I felt isolated and overwhelmed and felt like I'd lost my identity. I love being a mum and I love my daughter but after she's done eating, changing a diaper etc all she does is sleep. I know that that's what she's supposed to do at that age but spending hours alone was hard on me.

&#x200B;

When I handed in my two weeks notice my boss didn't want me to leave and offered me an amazing job. I'd work part time only 2 days / 3 days rotating each week. On top of this I'd only have to go in a couple times a month if needed and would still get partial benefits and a decent pay. I was over the moon, I felt like getting back to work would make me feel more myself. My husband was not pleased at all. He argued that:

* I had agreed to SAH before we got married and when I was pregnant.
* I was abandoning our daughter and 'why aren't we enough for you?'
* I'd dump childcare on his mom or my income would only cover childcare and therefore wasn't worth it.

I tried to tell him how I was feeling but he was too upset. He told me that he would've never married me if he knew I didn't want to raise our child and left to his friends place. He came back 2 days later and only talks to me when its baby related. Its been like this for nearly two weeks and I know that I agreed to this years ago but AITA for changing my mind? My MIL and SIL told me raising a family was the most important job I had and that it would ruin our family if I didn't.

&#x200B;

Edit: I wouldn't send my baby to childcare right away. I simply brought it up if this was a permanent thing when she got older if that was a concern. Also I'm not going to leave my husband, we have a child together and I love him.I am (29f) a SAHM, I take care of the home and my son (4m) while my husband Sam (31m) works. I haven't had a job in four years as Sam wanted me to be a SAHM by the time our son was born. I accepted, since Sam has an absurdly good salary, and mine was not that great.

My mom fell ill half a year ago. Her diabetes became quite complicated and she needed some medical care. We don't live in the US, so the expenses were relatively small. I asked Sam to please give me half of the total medical bill, since my brother (25m) was going to pay the other half. Sam refused to pay a penny from the bill, and since I have no income, my brother had to pay it all.

Sadly, my mom passed away a month ago. My brother and I just got the whole estate in order. Each of us is going to get a somewhat considerable figure, since my mother had some properties (which she did not sell as they are in poor condition).

This morning my husband told me he wants me to sell my my part of the inheritance, so we can make some (non-vital) house repairs and possibly go on vacation. I laughed, more out of anger than anything else, and told him that he had no right to suggest how to make use of the inheritance that my mother left, when he refused to even pay half of her medical bills. He called me an AH and went to work.

I got a call from his sister, who was extremely angry. She called me irrational and told me that since I was living off the money Sam earns, I have no right to demand money from him, and that the inheritance gives me the opportunity to return some of the money he has spent on me.

The call really got me thinking, and now I wonder if I'm really behaving like an AH.

Edit: I've received a lot of comments asking the same questions, so I will answer them here. 

1.- Why did my brother and I received an large inheritance but helped my mom with the treatment?

My mom didn't leave us cash, she left us properties (4 in total). This properties are basically in ruins, and need a ton of work done, so my mom didn't receive any income from this properties. She placed two of them for sale, but they never sold since the real state market is extremely expensive here. 

2.- Why did my mom paid her “main treatment”? 

My mom paid the hospital her entire treatment there, so, her hospitalizacion or any larger procedure. My brother and I wanted to help her with medical appointments (she visited several especialists outside the hospital) and medicines (the hospital didn't cover them). That's why I said that the the expenses were relatively small. Apologies if my redaction is confusive. 

3.- I made the mistake of commenting that my husbands earns five zeros, but it's in my currency. Not in dollars. He earns montly about 12 thousand american dollars. I (22F) and my bf (25M) have been together for about 4 years. We started living together 2 years ago in an apartment and it’s been great! I recently got a new job and make around $80k a year and have been wanting to get out of our apartment and into a house. My bf on the other hand doesn’t have a very good work ethic and has had about 8 different jobs in the 4 years we have been together, all making minimum wage. I brought up getting a house and he was totally on board with it so we started house hunting. 

I have enough in my savings for a down payment and to cover all the closing cost but my boyfriend doesn’t have any saving and lives paycheck to paycheck. We currently split our rent 50/50 and he pays his bills (car payment, insurance, etc.) on his own and I pick up all the groceries, wifi, dog stuff. I’m totally fine with the fact I pick up more expenses since I make more than him and he’s never complained. When we were looking for a house we kept the price range small enough to where I could pay for it alone so we could use his earrings as extra cash. But we agreed to split the mortgage 50/50 (which would be cheaper than our current rent) and I would pay the water, electric, home insurance, etc. 

We finally found our dream house and are going to be signing the papers in a couple weeks. I mentioned to him that I would like to be the only name on the home since we are buying it with my savings and we aren’t married and don’t plan to be married anytime soon. He is now upset with me about it bc it’s supposed to be “our house”. I’ve told him that it is OUR house but legally it will just me mine bc I don’t want to put $400k on the line. He said that if it’s just going to be my house that he shouldn’t have to pay to live there. I disagree, it would be like paying rent anywhere else and when/if we get married we will change the agreement. He hasn’t talked to me for 3 days now and I really don’t think I’m in the wrong here. So AITA?I (19F) have been with my boyfriend (25M) for about 6 months. We don't live together, but I spend a lot of my time at his place. 

A week ago or so I was feeling quite sick. Not wanting to drive home, I spend the night at his place. He woke me up at about 5 am, and to my great embarrassment, I had wet the bed. I helped him clean up the best I could. I had a temp of about 103.8 F and he took me to the hospital, they kept me overnight. 

A few days later when I saw him again I apologised for what happened. He told me it's alright, and that he got me a gift. He pulled out a package of adult diapers and threw them at me. I told him that I didn't think it was very funny and explained that I was embarrassed, but he thought it was hilarious. I decided to let it go and talk about it later. 

We went to a party that night (not really a 'party', us and 6 other friends), about an hour away. I drove, since he doesn't have a car. 

After he had a few beers he started loudly telling them what had happened, 'forgetting' to mention that I was sick and had a high fever, just the part of me wetting the bed and him buying the diapers. He encouraged my friends to joke about it, and after trying to explain but being talked over or laughed at, I left and went home. 

My boyfriend is obviously quite upset I left without him, I just didn't want to be stuck in a car with him for an hour. He sent me several texts since then, most of which are calling me too sensitive and 'not able to take a joke'. Some of my friends agree with him. 

AITA?My (f26) fiancé (m28) have been together for four years. He’s been friends with “maya” (f30) for six years. They’re fairly close but she doesn’t like me much. It’s usually not an issue, some people just don’t mesh. We don’t mesh. 
Edit to add: there’s no heavy animosity and we can be near each other fine, we just don’t talk when we are. We don’t actively hate each other, just prefer not to hang out together. She isn’t against us getting married and likely would say yes to being a bridesmaid to make him happy but isn’t pushing for it herself 

We’re recently engaged and he’d like her to be a bridesmaid. I don’t. He wants her in a dress matching my bridesmaids, on my side, participating in the things we’re doing. I said absolutely not, she doesn’t even like me. I’ve seen wedding photos where one bridesmaid clearly doesn’t want to be with the bride and I don’t want that. Plus I really only want the women closest to me as bridesmaids. I suggested she wear a black dress to match the men’s tux’s and be a groomsman. He said that will look dumb and he doesn’t want to do that. Because he’s dead set against including her on his side with the men and their activities and I’m dead set against having her with me and my bridesmaids, he’s said I’ve effectively said she can’t be in the wedding. I argued he’s just as much at fault for not budging as I am but he said I’m the one being unreasonable. Mind you his only reason for not wanting her with his groomsmen is “that’s dumb just let her be a bridesmaid.” 

AITA for not budging and basically keeping her out of the wedding party according to my fiancé?So I'm the product of an affair. My dad's wife forgave him for getting my mom pregnant on the condition that she and their kids never have to see me or hear about me, and he couldn't see my mom. Even so, my dad was involved in my life right up until he died, and we were very close. After he died I contacted some of his family members (not his wife or kids, I didn't want to upset them) to ask if it would be ok for me to go to the funeral, and I just didn't get any replies. I ended up deciding that since I've never met his wife or kids or most of his family they wouldn't even recognize me so I could just quietly be at the back and not bother anyone. Turns out his wife did recognize me (I don't know how) and she interrupted the service to drag me out of the building and yell at me for being there, and then when I tried to leave she followed me to my mom's car to yell at her. Now I'm embarrassed and guilty that I upset her and caused drama at the funeral and dragged my mom into it. My mom says I didn't do anything wrong cos I couldn't of known my dad's wife would know what I look like, but I'm not sure if she's just trying to make me feel better. I just wanted to say bye to my dad, I wasn't trying to cause any trouble. AITA?My daughter (26f) and I haven’t spoken in years. When she was 15 we found out she wasn’t my biological daughter and my wife had cheated on me years ago with a friend. As it turns out this so called “friend” was suddenly interested in playing dad. My wife and I divorced, my daughter learned the truth and I told her I still loved her no matter what. Of course she was interested now in getting to know her biological father and while it hurt I tried to accept that. She started pulling away from me after that. Even when trying to still do things together as a family she was no longer interested. The last straw was when she was 20 and living at my house. We were arguing because she’d dropped from her college courses, hasn't done anything for 3 months  and mad because I told her she either needed to go to school or work if she wants to stay here for free. She told me I’m not her real dad so stop pretending like I am and she’ll just go stay with her real father. That broke me honestly. But I told her if that’s how she really feels then there’s really nothing left to say between us. And she did move out to go live with him. I was depressed for a very long time, drank so much. My son (24m) was my only reason to keep moving forward. For the first couple years I reached out to my daughter. She wanted no contact, I learned to accept that and move on. It helped me find more peace in my life. My son stopped talking to her for a while over this and was angry with her. 

They still chat sometimes, which doesn’t bother me at all. Through him I learned her biological father died in October 2019. Also that she’s engaged. She reached out to me, first that she knows that “we haven’t talked in a while” but wants to ask me if I’d be willing to walk her down the isle. After a pretty long message about how much she hurt me in the past with her actions, I told her no. She didn’t want me to be her father anymore so I learned to no longer view her as my daughter. This turned into a fight between us because according to her it’s not her fault she wanted to know her real dad. And I agreed with her it’s not, but what was her fault was how she treated me ever since. 

In my mind I know if he hadn’t passed we wouldn’t even be speaking right now. It ended with telling her I hope she enjoys her wedding but I want no part of it or her life. My son’s told me she’s ranting to my family that I’m ruining her day and she thought parents are supposed to love their kids unconditionally. My brothers seem to think now that I am being an asshole and this is my chance to be in her life again. But I have no interest in that. 

Still seems everyone has a strong opinion on it that I’m making it difficult for my daughter to have the wedding she wants when it would mean a lot to her. My son is on my side but the comments are still wearing me down and just for the sake of my sanity, am I being an asshole?***UPDATE***
I reported her first thing this morning. She was the one who answered and I said I had to talk to my OB, but she couldn’t come to the phone right then and called me back 20 mins later. I explained the situation, she thanked me for telling her and said that they take matters like this very seriously and will be looking into it immediately. I doubt they’ll let me know what happens but if I do hear anything I’ll update again. Thanks so much, everyone!


I (20F) recently found out that I’m pregnant, which came as a surprise because I’m on bc. I made an appointment with an OB that’s close to me with high ratings to confirm the pregnancy, and when I walked in I was immediately concerned because the woman behind the desk is a friend of my mom’s. They’re not super close, I hadn’t seen her in years, but they’ve known each other since high school and I know they sort of keep in touch. I didn’t feel ready to tell anyone other than my bf and obviously dr about the baby, so I was freaking out a little, but my bf assured me that she wouldn’t be able to say anything to my mom about the baby without my consent. 

When I got home my mom was waiting for me because she already knew about the baby. Apparently her friend had texted to congratulate her before I could even make it home. Everything is going to be okay and my mom is being supportive, but honestly I’m pissed at this lady and I want to report her to the OB. My family is supportive of the baby, but if she had opened her big mouth to someone with a different kind of family, the outcome could have been really bad. My bf agrees with me but thinks it’s kinda Karen-ish, on the other hand my mom thinks her friend crossed a few lines, but to report her and potentially put her employment at risk would be petty and an asshole move. I think mom’s friend is an asshole, and a potentially dangerous one at that. WIBTA for reporting her big mouth to her employer?

Tl;dr: the receptionist/office manager at my OB office, who is a family friend, told my mom about my pregnancy, now I want to know WIBTA for reporting her to her employers.

ETA: it’s been asked a few times, so adding that I’m in the US.

Edit 2: I wrote it in a comment but I’ll add it here too, I’m going to report tomorrow morning when the office is open, since right now it’s the after hours answering service. I’m going to make sure they know that nothing bad happened in my situation, so I’m just reporting out of concern for past or future patients. Also my goal isn’t to have her fired, just make sure they know the situation and can handle however they see fit.We hosted Thanksgiving at my place. My brother, his wife, and their almost four year old son were among the guests. 

As people were leaving, my brother asked if my nephew could take home one of my 2 year old son’s toy trucks. My nephew had been playing with it nonstop since they arrived and wanted to keep it. My brother said that he’d replace the toy if I told him where I got it.

I told my brother that I’d be happy to give him a link to the store where I bought it, but I would not give him the toy then and there. I refused for two reasons: firstly, my brother/sister-in-law have a terrible habit of giving my nephew everything he asks for. He is way too old for that. Secondly, I don’t want to reinforce in my nephew that it’s OK to just take things he wants. My brother said that my nephew would throw a tantrum if he didn’t get the toy then and there, and that everything would be easier if I just let him take the toy and get sent a replacement in the mail.

I told my brother that I would not be an enabler for my nephew’s bad behavior, and that it’s my brother/SIL’s problem if he throws a tantrum. Of course, the inevitable happened—my nephew started shrieking inconsolably at the top of his lungs and my brother/SIL/nephew had to leave.

Later that evening I got an angry text from my brother saying that my nephew screamed his head off for the entire 3 hour car ride home and only stopped screaming after he literally passed out from exhaustion. He said that the tantrum was my fault since it would have been completely avoided if I’d just given my nephew the toy, and accused me of “backseat parenting,” since in his words it’s not my place to set an example for his son.

My wife thinks we should have just handed the toy over to make things easier, especially since our son has a ton of toys (and is not particularly attached to that specific truck) and would not have noticed it missing for just a couple days. I still maintain that it’s well within my rights to set an example for my nephew even if it goes against my brother/SIL’s parenting style of coddling their son, and that the tantrum is 100% a result of their terrible parenting habits.My (31f) friend (30f), we’ll call Mary, got married last week and I was in her bridal party. For context, we are friends from high school and all of her other bridesmaids were her friends from college who I hadn’t met until her Bachelorette party several months ago. I also wasn’t familiar with anyone at this wedding outside of Mary’s immediate family. 

I was supposed to attend the wedding with my own fiancé but he contracted Covid 5 days before we were supposed to leave and made the choice to stay home for everyone’s safety (I tested negative and we don’t live together). Our 5th anniversary of our first date was 2 months ago and he got me a beautiful opal necklace on a gold chain specifically to wear to the wedding because it complimented my bridesmaid dress. I asked Mary in our bridal party group chat if she was alright with us wearing our own jewelry to the wedding, she said no problem. 

Day of the wedding comes, all of us bridesmaids and Mary meet early in the morning for pictures outside the chapel. Mary sees my necklace and loves it, and actually asked if she could switch her necklace with mine. Some other bridesmaids chime in and say that it would be her “something borrowed”. I tried as politely as I could to tell her that my fiancé got this for me to wear to the wedding and especially since he can’t be here, I’d like to keep it on. Mary and the other bridesmaids were persistent, saying it was her wedding and her pictures and I wasn’t being accommodating, but I firmly told them no. Mary then said if I could at least take it off since it looked nicer than her own jewelry. Again, I told her I’d rather not, I’d like to share the wedding photos of myself in the necklace with my fiancé. She was not happy, neither of the bridesmaids were either. I received a lot of cold shoulders and dirty looks at the ceremony and reception. I felt awful. After the first dance, Mary’s sister came up to me to tell just how upset Mary was and rude it was that I upset her so on her big day. 

Am I an asshole? It’s been more than a week and I’m still thinking about it nonstop and Mary hasn’t answered any of my texts.On Sunday, my friend and her boyfriend came over for a roast dinner.

(Roast Dinner for those outside the UK is beef, Yorkshire Puddings, roast potatoes, veg and gravy.)

My friend’s boyfriend is a vegan, and I thought this would be a fun challenge. 

Making a roast is a lot of work, but I didn’t want meat eaters to miss out for one vegan, so I made two completely different dinners. 

I researched the best possible way to make a vegan version that’s still yummy for him. I spent a fortune on the vegan alternatives, didn't mind as I invited them over and was game for a new cooking challenge.

Anyway, I served the dinners feeling pretty proud of myself, and the boyfriend didn’t even mention the meal, just said thanks at the end. I was a little bit miffed he overlooked the work I put into his dinner but whatever.

Anyway, made a non-vegan and vegan dessert, a large crème brûlée and for him, a chocolate pudding thing that was vegan.

I also had chocolates out etc., which were not vegan and offered coffees.

The boyfriend asked for a coffee with regular milk as he fancied “a treat”… I must have pulled a face, no way that I didn’t and said, “ok.”

I’m pissed off at this point, considering the effort I went for respecting his diet requirements.

I return with coffees, and he is scoffing my part of the crème brûlée, leaving me with his vegan dessert.

I said, “that wasn’t vegan”, and he went “, eh, doesn’t matter.”

I kind of lost my shit and pointed out how rude it was of him to ask for his dinner to be 100% vegan, as far as not cooking potatoes in certain things and how I went above and beyond trying to make his meal pleasant for him to throw it in my face.

He laughed and said, “chill, not that big of a deal.”

Anyway, he thinks I’m a huge AH, and his GF/my friend is conflicted and in an awkward position.

If I’ve been the AH, I would apologise to clear the air for my friend, but I feel that he should.

EDIT: When I invited them for dinner, my friend said he's a vegan and gave me his number. He texted to say please no mixing etc of meats/animal produce.My (18F) friend (18F) was in my dorm room because I was hosting our study group. Afterward, she was going to a party and was in a tiny dress, so she asked if she could borrow my coat since it’s freezing out. I said sure, she can take the purple one on my bed.

She told me the next day that she was sorry and she’d lost my coat at the party. And she hadn’t taken the purple one. She had taken the black one on my bed since it looked warmer.

The coat she lost was a Moncler, and I never would’ve let her take it. I told her she could take my purple coat, which is the coat I take to parties since I’m not worried about it getting lost or stolen. I’m really upset that she lost my coat, and I said she needs to pay me back the full cost of it. She said sure but didn’t realize how much it is, and then she got upset saying she could never come up with the money. I said that’s not my fault since she shouldn’t have taken it, and she became hysterical when I said I want all the money paid back. AITA for saying she has to come up with the full cost of the coat and pay it back?

Edit: Thank you for all the support and suggestions! If she can’t find it or pay me back somehow, I’m weighing all the other options people are giving.[removed]My sister is a single mother with 2 children. An 11, and 7 year old. The 7 year old is a boy while the other 1 is a girl. She works a lot, and doesn't have a lot of money to afford babysitting, so I started watching her kids for her for free. 

There was an incident one day where the 7 year old had gotten mad at me because I wouldn't let him jump on the couch. I explained to him he could get hurt, and he threw a tantrum. Which was normal, its what young kids do. Well around the time my sister gets home he starts suddenly bawling his eyes out and running towards her. I'm confused, as he was just fine a second ago but followed behind him to greet her. 

He immediately starts on a rant about how I had a man in the house, and how neither him or his sister had eaten at all that day. My sister was rightfully pissed, and started asking questions. I shook my head, said he was lying, and that she had cameras so we should probably sit down and watch them. She said no, and that I needed to go before she called the police. 

So I left. A few hours later she calls me and apologizes, saying she watched the footage and saw no man enter the house at all, and that she had seen that her son had refused to eat the dinner I made them. She asked when could I come by next, as she hoped I understood the misunderstanding, but I said I would no longer be babysitting for her.

She said that he's just 7, and that kids lie all the time but I still refused. We went back and forth over the phone insulting each other, and that was that. Our mother thinks I'm being ridiculous for being mad at a kid, but it's more than that. I could've gotten in trouble if the police had shown up and he was saying what he said.  AITA?So I (28f) have a sister (26f) who got married last month

I’m gonna be blunt my sister has always been one of those people that has to have everything perfect to the point sometimes it was hard to be around her but she was my little sister and I’ve no other siblings so I always made excuses when she’d hurt me when I was doing things right in her eyes. I was kinda nervous when she asked me and my daughter(4) to be bridesmaids in February because I knew she was gonna be a massive bridezilla 

Over the last few months we have had to practice multiple dances,pay for very expensive dresses and put up with her tantrums. I told her from the start if she was anyway nasty to my child I wouldn’t stand for it she assured me she’d never be nasty towards her “favourite person in the whole world” 

Well her now husbands little cousin(8?) started coming to dance practice with her mom and my sister started to ask her do little things like show my daughter how to throw the petals. I honestly thought she’d make them both flower girls for a while  but when she started to make my daughter sit out and have the little girl do her poem I knew what was gonna happen but prayed I was wrong 


I invited her out to coffee a few weeks before the wedding and asked her what was going on 
She told me she was glad I brought it up because she was looking for the right time, 
Apparently my four year old wasn’t doing everything right and she was afraid she was gonna “mess up Her version” by saying the wrong thing or not doing the dance right on the day. I told her she doing a pretty good job and everyone was always praising her

Sister giggled and said it’s not THEIR day now is it so it’s not up to US what’s good enough for her wedding. I asked her straight up did she think her niece wasn’t good enough to be in her wedding she replied with not as something big as a flower girl but to attend . I asked her how was I gonna break it to my daughter who’s excited about being in the wedding she just told me figure it out.i told her I’d give her a day to rethink her decision if not we wouldn’t attending not speaking to her ever again than left 

Well two days went so  I couldn’t put it off any longer I broke the news to my child. Even tho I tried my hardest and sugarcoated it as much as possible the news still broke her heart. She cried herself to sleep (so did I and my husband)

Well after a week when I was a no show for anything my sister started to panic and started to get every to talk to me even drop off gifts for my daughter. When I told them why a good number of our family including bridesmaids dropped out 

We ended up going for a few weeks away with no phones. When we came back my sister had sent me multiple letters and emails apologising. her in laws and husband have called me an asshole for doing what i did

Edit fixed some spelling


Edit -my bill saw this post and told my sister who cried reading all your comments 
How do I know?  because they showed up at my job knowing I wouldn’t want a scene. They begged me to delete the post before people they know see it and kept apologising, finally my sister said she might be pregnant. 

I told even if she is, pregnancy doesn’t wash away all the shitty things shes done and I hope her husbands siblings never treats her child the way she treated mine because I don’t plan to be apart of her life. She busted into tears saying she was sorry and she loves my daughter 

I told her leave before I called security and her husband tried to talk to me alone because “I was making her so upset” and “everyone was cold towards them because of me”. I told them no everyone was cold because “Cinderella and Prince Charming forgot that after treating everyone like shit that no one wanted to be in their happy ever after” they didn’t like my mocking tone and raised their voice at me 

My boss told them leave who  knows the situation and has a 5 year old herself so she’s on my side j

My sisters mil reached out to my parents asking for everyone to meet up on neutral terms so we can all work out our differences. I m gonna go to this dinner party because I want to hear their story and officially tell them leave me alone 

I will update you guys


❗️important edit ❗️my sisters photographer saw this post and reached out to me on here (she knew my full name and she gave me her Instagram to confirm) this goes deeper than my daughter not dancing right apparently she over heard  my sisters mil and aunt in law  talking in the bathroom, they used slurs against my daughter and husband. They called me the black mans wh*re . The photographer said they were both drunk but BIL also made jokes around my sister earlier in the day which she smiled at . She also thinks my family members heard it and it’s the reason they dropped out 

So yeah my daughter wasn’t flower girl because unlike me,her aunt or the other flower girl she doesn’t have blue eyes and blonde hair. If you’re reading this Sarah and frank fuck you and your family, my child is too good to be around trash like you both stay the fuck away from us and if anyone in my family knew the real story and didn’t tell me fuck you too.


Edit four - thanks everyone for the love and support but especially thank you to the photographer who came forward thank you so much for bringing this to my attention before I let them back into our lives, you’re real one


Edit five -so I thought I’d answer a lot of questions that keep getting asked because I’m tried and will be going to bed soon 


-My parents are fully on my side so are multiple other family members the ones that aren’t have been cut off 

-my daughter doesn’t know the full story but as treat (for all of us) we plan to take her to Disneyland for Christmas and my parents have said they will join us 

-as for my sister some people have mentioned she might be in an abus***e relationship. Well her husband is from old money and his family is very will connected in England which is something she always wanted so idk but if she is in a bad relationship and afraid it’s up to my husband to forgive her not me 


-you can post this wherever you like please don’t message me again and I will not give up the photographers information because she wants to stay anonymous

- I’ve found out 3 family members knew including a bridesmaid that dropped out knew

- I’ve seen a lot of people making fun of the fact me and my husband cried our self too sleep the night my daughter found out. We didn’t cry about her not being a flower nor did we cry while she was awake.  we cried because our child was extremely hurt and there’s no worser feeling than your child thinking they’re not good enough for someone they love.  for the commenter who was extremely nasty about my husband crying a fathers love is equal to a mothers, men do and are allowed to have emotions, do betterMy husband and I both work, equal hours. I'm a hairstylist working at a salon and he is a warehouse manager.

My Mil is very sexist and lives in the 1950s still. She said women can't stop taking care of their households as a priority nomatter what they achieve. I hated this and it caused endless problems between us. My husband learned to do everything from folding his clothes to fixing the toilet except cooking. His mom taught him that his future wife should do everythig so he didn't have to learn. He defended me against her and cut contact with her.

She hasn't participated in a gathering since 2015 due to family not wanting her around.


My husband cleans while I cook but he tends to complain from time to time and throws some weird believes/opinions at me that are similar to what his mom thinks. I get it since he's been raised by her and this mentality takes time to go away.


Last week he had guests over and asked me to help him host dinner. We agreed that I cook and he clean like always.

Guests arrived and my husband sat with them while I was in the kitchen cooking.
I had issues with the oven I was running late and dinner wasn't ready yet. My husband rushed into the kitchen asking why dinner wasn't ready yet I said I'd be done soon. He grabbed few glasses while pressuring me to hurry up. I made a comment about how I didn't even get to meet his guests and how unfair it was, he casually said "just do your job" and rushed out. I was shocked I stopped him and asked "what did you just said to me?" he looked at me quizically. I turned the oven off and stopped cooking. He was freaking out saying "no no, wait, what are you doing?" while I took my apron off. I said I don't work for him to tell me to "do my job" and he should take over cooking if he thought I was "slow". He begged me not to do this to him and explained he didn't mean to tell me to do my job but only spoke this way since he's used to say stuff like that at work and wasn't paying attention.

I refused to continue cooking and went upstairs to wash the smell of onion off me. I left him in the kitchen to handle serving dinner on his own and he came upstairs 2 hours later after the guests left and looked an absolute mess, hair messed up, and his shirt stained. He asked if I was happy and proud of "proving a point" by backing out of cooking last minute just cause he slipped and accidently said "do your job". I told him that he's an adult and is responsible for what comes out his mouth accidental or not and again said I didn't have to cook for his guests and that I only volunteered(!) to help and he sounded like his mother with what he said. He said it wasn't true and that he was disappointed because I didn't stick to my word and left him to fend for himself and embarrassed him infront of guests by giving them half cooked meals over something so dumb. He walked out after changing his clothes and called me mean.

He wants an apology for backing out last minute knowing he can't cook. aita?
I've been with my wife for 4 an a half years. She suffered from breast cancer and we got married after she completed her treatment. This is also our first Christmas together as a married couple. I have a 16 y.o. daughter who can tolerate but not accept her stepmom and can be passive aggressive towards her sometimes. She's done somethings in the past that warented a number of punishements but my wife has been graceful and forgiving saying my daughter is being a typical teeanger and trying to adapt but in my opinion she has gotten out of control especially with lack of consequences.


There's been tension around the holiday and suprisingly my daughter decided to spend Christmas with us saying her mom went to visit her futur stepdad's family few towns over.
My wife was thrilled with my daughter staying with us. She prepared everything and I helped here and there while my daughter was on her phone the entire time. I welcomed my inlaws and we had a great time throughout the day. Christmas dinner went fine though my wife seemed a bit upset. She refused to say what's wrong til I pressured her. She then opened the box my daughter got her for Christmas and there was a bra inside it. My wife broke down crying in the kitchen. I was fuming I called for my daughter and confronted her about the gift and she tried to explain it wasn't malicious but I disagreed and said yes it was and it was purposfully done to offend her stepmom and mock her illness. I decided to punish her by having her do all the cleaning after the guests left but she tried to evade it by saying ok then turning around and calling her stepbrother to come pick her up and take her to her mothers house. I caught her at the door and kicked her stepbrother out and told her to start cleaning up immediately. She went hysteric yelling about how cruel I was to punish her on Christmas and how insensitive and unlady like my wife was to be offended by the bra. I refused to engage in her yelling matches and made sure she did all the cleaning which my wife said was a lot and asked me to let my daughter go to her mom's house but I insisted not until the punishement was complete.

My daughter called her stepbrother again and left later. She immediately called her mom who came after me on sm and berated me for doing what I did and ruining Christmas for her. I had a argument with her about what our daughter did but she sided with her and called me abusive and a robot controlled by my wife though my wife asked me to let it go.

She got my former inlaws involved and they have been criticizing me about what I did.I’ve had a plan since freshman year— get into one of my top choice colleges and then spend the rest of the year having fun. This is because my last few years I’ve been grinding a lot on my grades, tennis (which i’ve been playing since i was 7 but competitiveness picked up during high school years), SATs, etc. So I’d want some time to chill during senior year— most seniors do this anyways once they get into colleges. 

Usually colleges don’t accept people until later in the school year but I got recruited by one of my top choices for D1 tennis, meaning I’m more or less guaranteed admissions if I keep my grades decent— so Bs or better. If my grades dipped below that I would get rescinded. 

I’ve kept all As for most of my high school career but I calculated if I scored well on all my tests, I could maintain B’s in my classes without turning in any assignments, and thus have more free time. So I did just that this year so far, and most of my teachers are chill with it because they know i already got into a good college. My AP calc teacher on the other hand is a hardass that decided it was unacceptable not to do the work. So he retroactively changed all the assignments to be worth more points so I now had a D in the class. 

I complained to the principal because a) thats just unfair in general— retroactively changing stuff is dishonest and b) that fucks up my colleges chances. I framed it as mostly a a issue rather than a b one and also said it would look bad on the school if a student from there that was supposed to attend had to be rescinded. The principal saw my side of this (and i’m sure other students complained as well so it wasn’t just me) and he made the teacher revert stuff back to original. 

This clearly pissed my calc teacher off and he’s been acting passive aggressive towards me, but i don’t think i’m in the wrong. There’s nothing wrong with chilling out a bit once i got into college, and besides i was getting As on the test and a B overall which shows i understand the material. Plus as i touched upon before it’s just unfair to retroactively change things. 

AITA?My son is 9 years old. We went trick or treating like we usually do and the night was going well except when we got to a house that had a bowl of candy sitting on the porch It said "Take 2 please". He puts his whole hand in there and grabs about 6 pieces.

Of course I corrected him, and made him put 4 of them back, explaining be needed to leave some for the others. From then on he had an attitude, and the last straw was when I told him to stop grabbing so much candy from people and he screamed "No!". 

We had only been out for about an hour so I took him right on home. Took his candy bag, dumped it in a bowl and told him to come sit outside on the porch with me. He objected of course, as kids came by and took handfuls of his candy. He complained they were taking too much and I told him that he shouldn't have done the same then. 

His father came home from work, asked why he was in his room crying, to which I explained why. He said it was really cruel to give away the kids candy just because he was taking a little too much. I said he needs to learn to not be so greedy to which my husband said that "Its ok, it's Halloween". 

He said I was being a jerk, and that I should cut some slack for the one holiday that kids get to pig out. I don't agree, although I figured I could've done this differently. AITA?

Edit: No, I did not give away the entire bowl. And even if I had, I would have had no problem providing him more once he learned his lesson and apologized.My (18F) friend (18M) was in my dorm room with me and went over to my bed, which has my stuffed animals on it. He was like “whose stuffed animals are these?” I said they were mine obviously, and then he was incredulous and was like “You’re 18 years old. Why would you bring stuffed animals to college?” And I was like, “why wouldn’t I?”He said that’s something that should be on r/sadcringe, and there’s zero reason why an adult should have stuffed animals whatsoever. I was like “mind your own business. It’s not my fault your parents never gave you stuffed animals.”

So, it’s generally the norm for most people to have the door to their suite propped open almost 24/7. Some people close it in the middle of the night, and some don’t. I came back to the suite later and my roommate told me my friend had come in and taken all my stuffed animals off my bed “since I had asked him to.” I called my friend and asked “where the fuck are my stuffed animals?” He said he donated them to shelter right off-campus because they’re “for little girls, not adults” and kids should have them.

I was seeing red. My parents used to get me a stuffed animal as a souvenir every time we traveled to another country growing up. He literally donated hundreds of dollars worth of one-of-a-kind stuffed animals that I can only get from other countries. I went to the shelter and demanded all my stuffed animals back, and I got them back, and I told my other friends he’s sick in the head.

When we were eating dinner, they all took side because they said it’s “creepy for a grown ass woman to have stuffed animals.” I was originally paying for the whole dinner so we wouldn’t have to have separate checks, and they were going to Venmo me. After this happened, I decided to just pay for my food and leave, forcing them all to scramble figuring out how to pay.

AITA for deciding not to pay after they defended his theft of my stuffed animals?
I (soon 16f) don't get to celebrate my birthday every-year because my parents can't afford it. I got myself a summer job months ago and saved money for my "sweet 16" birthday since my parents won't be doing anything for me this year either.

My birthday is next week. Yesterday I discovered that mom searched my room and took the 120$ I saved and hid under my bed like she always does. I called her and she said she was keeping it safe and we'll talk after she get home since she and dad and my autistic 14yo sister were out.



I waited til they got back and my sister started yelling cheerfully telling me to look at the new sneakers my parents got her. I asked mom for my money but she said she spent it on new sneakers for my sister. I was like what???
My dad said my sister saw, liked, and wanted the sneakers but they didn't have money to buy it and stop her from having a meltdown in the middle of the store and refusing to leave the store without them. I angerily told them that money was saved for my upcoming birthday party. He promised he'll pay me back next month then I can have my birthday party and invite friends over. I told him my birthday isn't next month my friends will laugh if I tell them I postponed it he replied that I should reconsider who I'm friends with then. He has a short temper and I  obviously pushed him to his limit when I said no and kept asking them to return the sneakers. He loudly said "NO!!!" And I lost it and said that they are both thieves and I hate them both for stealing my money and ruining yet another birthday for me. He yelled at me and said "NO YOU..ARE..GETTING..ON..MY LAST..NERVE..AND I AIN'T GOING TO TAKE YOUR SH!T NO MORE!!! NO BIRTHDAY PARTY FOR YOU(pointing at me with his finger) NOT NEXT WEEK NOT NEXT MONTH CAUSE OF WHAT YOU JUST SAID AND YOU'RE GODDAMN GROUNDED NOW GET TF OUT MY FACE AND STAY GONE TIL I TELL YOU OTHERWISE". Mom just looked at me sternly approving of his "message". I ran upstairs and Dad shouted after me that I was way out of line and need to be taught some manners for calling them thieves to their face.


I'm grounded now for calling them that. I didn't get my money back but did get called an overprivileged spoiled brat for having little to no consideration for my sister's struggle and acting so selfishly and throwing a 3yo tantrum over a party that they are no longer allowing me to have because I called them thieves.

AITA?OK, this is probably weird, but hear me out.

&#x200B;

My wife discovered 1 week ago that my daughter (14F) had not been brushing her teeth. She went completely crazy, calling my daughter insane, unhygienic, stupid and germy, and my daughter started crying. She ran to me and I sat her down and waited for her to stop crying, then gently asked her what the issue was. She replied that she couldn't stand the taste and aftertaste of mint toothpaste. I said it was fine and bought her another one which was strawberry-flavored (?) and she's happy now and brushing her teeth regularly.

&#x200B;

Now for the TA part. My wife is now constantly accusing me of babying a teenager, that she's too old for flavored toothpaste and that she was emotionally manipulating me. I was livid and told her to stick to our son (he has always been her favorite) and to leave our daughter to me. She got very upset about that and won't talk to me or my daughter now, which is also making my daughter upset because she has severe anxiety. I don't want to apologize because there is no fault of mine, but I think I will because of my daughter.

&#x200B;

AITA?My husband (43m) and I (40f) have 3 kids, Bea 13F, Paul 10m and Zoe 8F. 
My husband grew up very privileged and has also done very well for himself and takes very good care of me and the kids. We have never wanted for anything and have been able to afford to have help where we need it. 

I’m very appreciative of everything my husband has done for us and have always made sure to let my kids know that we are very lucky and very spoiled. I’ve tried to always instill in them that we should always take care of people where we can and always pay people properly for services they provide for us. 

I’ve always had my kids pack up clothes or things they’ve outgrown and we donate them to those that need them more. I thought I was doing a good thing and teaching them to have empathy and understanding of just how lucky we are. 

Well I guess I failed as a mother, I came home early a few days ago and walked into the house to hear my eldest screaming at our nanny. 
She was screaming that “youre a maid, that’s what we pay you for, to clean up after our family, do your job” I’ve never heard my children speak like this to anybody and I saw red. 

I was calm in front of my daughter and sent her to her room, took away her electronics and told her I will speak to her when he dad comes home. Our nanny was in tears, so I sat with her and got her side of the story and helped her calm down. All she did was ask our daughter to put her dirty clothes in her hamper so she could start laundry. This woman has helped me through pp with all my kids, she’s literally been a rock for me and our family for 13 years. I love her and see her as family and I’m still upset over how she was treated. I gave her a couple of paid days off to decompress and let her go home. 

My husband and I decided that as far as punishment goes for our daughter, we will keep her electronics, she will spend her weekends volunteering at the youth center for under privileged kids, she must write a full apology letter to our nanny and she must take care of herself/her chores. 
My husband and I sat down with her and explained all of this to her, I also told her that she doesn’t pay anybody for anything, she has no money of her own aside from what she has saved from birthdays/allowance and that having people in our home to help us is a privilege, not a right. Until she can understand this, I expect her to take full care of herself and not accept any help from the people her father pays to give us an easier life. Meaning, she will do her own laundry, keep her room clean and take full care of her puppy. None of this is up for debate and her father and I will talk in 4 weeks to see if we think she understands our point then. 
Of course she went running to my mother in law. The whole of my husbands family say we are completely out of order and ruining our daughter. 
My family say the opposite. 

Have I really gone to far?



Edit: I didn’t add this to the original post because of word count. I grew up needing the services youth centers provide, I lived in foster care when times were okay and lived wherever I could when times were really bad. I worked my butt off to give myself something of a decent life and worked until I became a mother. My husband grew up incredibly wealthy, both his parents came from money. My MIL has never worked a day in her life, FIL sadly passed away in an accident when Bea was barely 6 weeks old but always had an incredible work ethic and the basis of the family values my husband has. MIL has never liked kids, she was basically uninvolved in her childrens lives and they grew up with the family staff. My husband is nothing like the rest of his family, he is sweet, loving and understanding, they are all extremely spoiled brats. Husband spent a lot of time at his favorite nanny’s house when he was growing up and always really valued what she gave him in the sea of crazy that is his family. We are generally low contact with them but MIL has taken more of an interest in Bea since she turned 13, hubby and I agree that it’s something we will be keeping an eye on and he will try to have a conversation with his mom about it. 

As far as Bea is concerned, she’s still not speaking to me, we are planning a few therapy sessions, For B and for us. I’ve also asked our nanny if she would be open to a whole family session in the new year. I’m hoping we can figure this out as a family. The punishments are still in place and will remain so until Bea shows some understanding of why she wrong and how hurtful she was to her Abba (the kids have always called her their Abba, she sings or hums abba songs  when she’s concentrating❤️)Today after leaving work  I needed to pick up some wine so I made an stop to a local grocery store to get 2 different bottles that he and some cleaning supplys (bleach and cat sand)


I have a permanent babyface So I'm always ready to give the ID, usually there isn't a problem, the cashier just hands it back and I go in my merry way.

I get to the register, (it's morning so it's empty) I put my things when the cashier (Kevin) gives me a side eye and the following conversation ensues.

K: Aren't you too young to be buying wine?
Me:I get that a lot, I am 21
-I hand my ID to kevin
K: good try but this is fake
Me: excuse me?
K: this is a fake ID, you are not gonna fool me, and I bet the bleach is for you to get high
Me; why would you think is fake? And how am I gonna get high with bleach??
K: because february just haves 28 days and this says February 29! I am not stupid
Me: what..?
K: Now get out before I call the security guard
Me: Excuse me but February has 29 days every 4 years, and I need my ID back
K: no, I'm destroying this, now get out

(Note that I have bad anxiety and confrontation makes me retreat, so I was completely ready to just go to another grocery store)

(Kevingets out of his till to go find something to the staff room)

Me: Excuse me but I need my ID! (I'm raising my voice at this point and following him) 
K: no, I'm gonna cut it now go away, this is staff only

(The grocery store is still preety empty and he was the only cashier in the shift, preety common where I live)

(I start to shut down when a woman in a different uniform that was there raised her voice from the other door to the staff room)

W: what is happening here? Kevin what are you doing?
K: This kid is trying to buy alcohol and things to get high with a fake ID
Me; It's not fake! Please give it back!
K:  get me some scissors so I can snap it
W: Kevin February 29 is real, is a leap year,
K; No, leap years are a myth from greece before the church took over, they aren't real
(the woman takes the ID from kevins hands and hands it back to me, who's almost in tears)
W: I'm so sorry, I will have an stern talk with Kevin, let me check you out
Me: (I just nod and follow her back to my shopping, she gives me my groceries and I pay for them)
W: Could you come with me to sign a paper stating what Kevin has done? 
Me: Eh..sure? For what?
W: Because no one believes me when he does this things and I need it in paper so I can get him reported

I just went and signed statement (I still don't understand why she needed one)

I told what happened to my roomate  and he told me I shouldn't have signed anything because now Kevin's gonna get fired for a very minor thing, and that the woman was probably just mad at him for something else and wanted to use this to get him out of the store, and that is my fault for having such a confusing birthdate??

I don't know reddit I'm just tired, am I the asshole?


UPDATE


First of all thank you for the comments, you are all very nice. And to anyone who doesn't believe me it's fair, its very outlandish and I left a some stuff out, also my english isn't good at all

My partner came to see me after his shift ended and we talked about it, he chewed up my roomate for saying that to me and I'm now staying with him for a bit, untill my anxiety gets better.

In the discussion my boyfriend found out that kevin is actually a friend of my roomate (or at least they know eachother) and that's why he (roomate) was upset at me.

I've seen people confused about who was crying, it was me, I have severe anxiety and issues with ptsd due to trauma (I don't really want to elaborate)

I know I don't have an spine and I'm working on it, but it's not easy.

The dialog left some stuff out as it was translated from a completely different language and paraphrased, kevin had been absolutely rambling about the 29 not being real , and the woman (people call her manager, I believe she was one now looking back or at least superior to kevin) came out of the same place Kevin was going into.

No, the store wasn't completely empty but there was no one at the registers, it's a Wednesday morning.

No, not everyone clapped, and I paid for my groceries.

If I learn what happened to kevin I will put it here

Kevin is definitely older than me, he's an adult and it's not the famous kevin sadly (I live in europe so no chance)

Much love to all the people who dm me but I don't have the time to answer all, you are all amazing.

Thanks to all the leap year babys for sharing their storys, is fun to see more people like me


Love to all of you <3[removed]
Background: I (35) am married to my husband (37) of 6 years and working mother (nurse) of 3 kids.

We were at my inlaws house for thanksgiving dinner and every family member was able to make it.

We were at dinner table when my BIL started talking about his girlfriend's new fond hobby which is "dancing" and said she's been dancing for him every night after she gets back from her "Zumba" classes. The men in the family "clearly" got intetested and they kept talking about it in details as me and other women were just rolling our eyes. my husband then and all of a sudden just threw his fork and looked at me and said "HEY Jess! (fake name) Why Can't You Dance For ME When You Come Home Every Night Like (BIL's gf name) Does?". I was blown away by his question and really thought he was joking but no. I looked around and saw everyone staring at me with my cousin in law sarcastically singing the 'dance monkey' song.


I flipped out and said "I don't know, maybe because when I get home I cook then start my cleaning routine then feed the kids dinner then do the dishes then get our 8 months old to sleep then clean the messy bathroom and bedroom then suddenly fall asleep the minute I get in the bed from being exhausted from working on my feet all day long then coming back to messy home and demanding kids and a husband...God what a terrible wife I must be to not find time to dance"

He froze in his place and the entire table got quite then my SIL's jerk, cop husband who hates my husband's guts started laughing then said "Good God!!!, guess turkey...I mean chicken's really coming home to roost, huh?!". My husband's face was so pale he just told everyone after noticing how awkward things got that he needed a minute outside. He got up and walked out and I followed him and he flipped out at me saying great job making thanksgiving awkward and embarrassing him infront of his family like that. An argument ensued and he said he wanted to leave after I caused him to be  in an awkward position infront of family.


We got home and he shut down completely. I stayed with the kids and couldn't sleep even after I called my MIL (his stepmom) saying good on me for calling him out as he stepped out of line but she could be bias since she hates his guts too and I just felt guilty when I think about what happened thinking I mishandled the situation and ruined thanksgiving for everyone.

AITA?Hello! [OG POST](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/rodjrq/aita_for_standing_firm_on_my_lack_of_hygiene_and/)

First, I want to thank everyone who took the time to respond, upvote, award, & dm me. I was inundated with responses and really got great feedback from all over the spectrum. It was decided that I was not TA, but there were tons of N A H. I took every comment to heart. Even ToothbrushGate!

Convo with Kyle: I wanted to talk bc I wanted to hear his reasoning/give a clean break. Honestly, it was a relatively normal, boring conversation... at first.

He apologized for giving me an ultimatum/said that he was just frustrated & would never want to hurt Crumb. I apologized for laughing at him & for making him feel as though his feelings weren't valid.

He said that the "pet thing" was new to him & he wants to work at bonding. I asked what he meant by punish/crate. He said that by punish he meant spray with water & he didn't realize cats aren't crate animals. He tried to compromise & say kissing cat's head was gross, but if I brushed my teeth/washed my face after, he would kiss me.

The comment I received most was Kyle & I just aren't compatible. So I said that: although I appreciate his apology & trying to compromise, I don't think in the future it would work. Kyle tried to backpedal a bit & say he can learn to be more flexible, but I kinda got a weird feeling.

I said it isn't fair to either of us to compromise on our comfort. I restated that Crumb is non-negotiable. He rolled his eyes & asked if I was choosing Crumb over him. He then asked if I was "seriously breaking up with him over a 'stupid animal.'" This shocked me bc it was a 180 of the previous 15 mins.

He said he felt rejected by Crumb and felt if he rejected him first, it would make them even? I said that was concerning bc Crumb is a cat. He asked how I would feel if he kept kissing animals that weren't me. I said I wouldn't care bc they were animals/not a threat. He said I was dense & if I clearly didn't care about his boundary of kissing animals, who is to say that I wouldn't kiss everyone. This especially hurt bc I had previously told him about the stigma of being a queer (bisexual) woman and how everyone assumes we cheat/are promiscuous. I asked if he was jealous of Crumb. He scoffed, said "you're right, this could never work bc you will be a crazy cat lady with no boundaries/hygiene." He said "enjoy being alone forever" & hung up.

Going forward, I will make sure to explain my relationship with my cat to future partners. I need to be with someone that loves animals/at least doesn't feel threatened by them. Like a lot of you said, I should be with someone that loves both me & Crumb. To answer one of the most asked questions: I sanitized the toothbrush. I will be getting a new head soon, thanks to my friend. I also got a cap for it.

Thank you for being a part of this journey with me. If you are interested in future updates, I can post them on my own page. <3

[Cat Tax included :)](https://www.reddit.com/user/AITA_shower/comments/rprxy2/crumbs_cat_tax_for_update/)My mom died of brain aneurysm 2 years ago. She was 39 at the time. She and dad (Ben 42m) were no longer together before she died because dad had an affair with his work colleague (Amanda 37f). They were getting a divorce but mom died before it was finalized. 

I was 18 when mom died and to be honest I resented my dad because of the heartache he caused my mother and I blamed him for her death. After mom's funeral I refused to talk to him until recently he contacted me and we started to reconnect. He and Amanda are still together and I have started to accept their relationship because I saw how happy my father is with her.

Last month dad informed me that he and Amanda had gotten engaged and he wanted to let me know first before he shares the news to everyone. I told him I am happy for them. Last week they had an engagement party where they invited some of our relatives and friends. During the toast dad said something like "I just can't wait to marry the perfect woman. I thank God for giving me the love of my life after all those years that I wasted with someone else." I walked out of the room after hearing what my father said. He basically considered his marriage to my late mother a 'waste of his time'. It broke my heart and I wanted to leave right away but dad's friend (my godfather) and Amanda followed me. Amanda said that dad wants me to give a message but I told her I can't do that and I need to go as I feel sick. My godfather tried to convince me to stay and say a few words, I got tired of holding my anger in and I just said " I have no good words to say about my cheating father and his mistress. I need to go." Amanda got angry with me and called me an asshole and I need to get over the past. I didn't even say anything and just left them behind. 

I was with my boyfriend who picked me up when dad called and he was very furious with me. Apparently what I said made Amanda cry and he's now demanding an apology. He also accused me of ruining his engagement party. I told him I could have made a scene but I didn't and there is no way I am apologizing for stating facts. AITA? Did I overreact and ruined their party? My boyfriend said he understands how I feel but my grandparents (dad's side) are disappointed with me for overreacting and calling Amanda a mistress.I have a 4 year old daughter, Emma. I am an alcoholic and I’ve been sober for 2 years. My brother was Emma’s court appointed guardian from when she was 15 months old to just before her 3rd birthday. 

I had to fight for almost a year to get her back. My brother and SIL are still upset that I “took Emma from them” and have called CPS on me numerous times and make it clear that they don’t trust me to take care of my own kid. 

They love Emma and Emma loves them so I try to take her to see them a couple times a month. 

A couple weeks ago, Emma caught the stomach flu from someone at her preschool. I’m in school full time and had a midterm that day so I asked my brother to watch her for a couple hours so I could take my test. They said they were happy to take her so I brought her to their house that morning with her medicines, a schedule saying when she’s supposed to take which medicine and the dosage, a bottle of pedialyte, and a few changes of clothes. 

I came to pick her up after the midterm and half her medicines, her clothes, and her pedialyte were gone. When I asked about it they said they threw away all of her medicines and the pedialyte because they were liquids and they were already opened so I could’ve put something in there to make her sick/sleep (not that it helps much but I never hurt my daughter or gave her anything that wasn’t recommended by her pediatrician). They also said I shouldn’t be giving her Tylenol and Motrin (again, her doctor said it’s fine) so they didn’t buy her any Motrin. 

Then I asked about the nausea medicine (prescription) and they said they didn’t think she needs prescription meds for the stomach flu. 

They also felt her clothes weren’t good enough for her so they gave it to their neighbor for their garage sale and bought her new clothes, meaning they most likely took her shopping when she was sick and should’ve been resting.

I left with Emma and haven’t spoken to them since except to tell them they will not be allowed anywhere near my kid unsupervised. 

I’m working on thanksgiving so I was going to drop Emma off with my parents so she could see my family but I still don’t want her to be around them without me so I’m leaving her with her babysitter instead.

Now my family is giving me a hard time for not letting my brother and SIL see Emma and are excusing what they did by saying they were just worried about her.

AITA for not letting my daughter see my brother and SIL

Edit: I’m not going to do the post cards. It’ll be a lot cheaper and easier to send an email saying we moved after we get settled in.[removed]whenever we go out to a family dinner i always insist on paying, especially when it’s with my father/mother in law. my sister in laws son (11) always sees this as a chance to order the most expensive menu options. today at lunch we all ordered entrees while he got the fanciest appetizer, starter and a whole lobster to himself. when his lobster came he took a bite and said “i don’t want it anymore. i’m full”.  i suggested he take it home but he responded with “i don’t eat leftovers”.  i tried to hide my annoyance but this continually happens every time we get together.  i’m getting real sick of it especially when my own meal costs $20 and his ends up being $120+ each time. hell ALWAYS get the most expensive filet mignon steak or seafood and never finish.

am i the asshole for telling my wife to talk to her nephew to limit his ordering when we go out to dinner?

i feel like they will call me an asshole for dictating what they order and that my insistence on paying shouldn’t have any strings attached.

Edit:  I’m Asian and so are everyone on my wife’s side of the family.  In my culture I “must” insist on paying ESPECIALLY when my father/mother in law are attending or else I ”lose face”.  my insistence to pay and hospitality reflect on how my parents have raised me.My parents told me (20F) that I’m not longer welcome to live at home once I turned 18 since I’m an adult.

I go to college across the country, and I never call or visit them. Every long weekend and holiday break, when every other student goes home to their families, I stay at school or go hang out at my friends and their families. During summer vacation, I travel with my friends around the country or do summer study abroad. 

My parents complain bitterly to our extended family that their only child never wants to see or talk to them. They way I see it, they disowned me and abandoned me when I turned 18. I have no interest in seeing them. They showed they don’t actually care about me or want me as a daughter, so I’ll stay with my friends who actually have good parents and who are appalled by my own parents, or I’ll travel the world instead. I don’t need my parents, and they clearly don’t want me as their daughter. 

AITA for not calling or visiting?

Edit: For those asking, I have a full academic scholarship that pays for my college and summer stipend to study abroad and travel. My friends’ parents also treat me like their kid now, and I travel with my friends. My parents said I’m not welcome to live at home in the summer. I never visit either.I worked at a retail store in the mall. The store is divided into men’s, women’s and children’s clothes. I always worked women’s and on the weekdays I was always the only employee in that entire section. 

Yesterday myself and two other employees clocked into ours shifts. My manager Lisa pulled my aside and told me “Your dads called the store five times asking for your schedule please tell him to stop”. I got extremely confused because that didn’t sound like something my dad would do. I even texted him and he said he never called the store once. I had a bad feeling and asked Lisa if she gave “my dad” my schedule and she did she did. I then told her that wasn’t my dad and she had no right telling a strange man my schedule. She got annoyed and told me that it wasn’t a big deal and I was being dramatic. 

I then quit on the spot which only left her and two other employee to watch the entire store. She kept apologizing and even burst into tears because they were understaffed. 

AITA?For some context, I (29F) have an older sister (34F). About 5 years ago our mom died and her money was split in between us, the house though was going to go to whoever had a child first. 
I  was 24 at the time of my moms death and clearly didn’t plan to have children any time soon so when my sister announced her pregnancy 1 year after moms death I wasn’t upset, I wasn’t even sure I wanted the house in the first place since it wasn’t my style. 

Eventually I met my husband (30M) and we got our own house. My husband makes a lot of money and the house he bought is almost three times the size of the house my mom had left behind.

As of today, my sister has 4 children and is currently pregnant with her 5th child, I on the other hand just got pregnant with my 1st child.
My sister and her husband came over for dinner the other day, she brought up the fact that I was pregnant with my first child and how she already had 4 about to be 5.
I questioned her because I wasn’t sure where this was going, and then she said the following.
“I mean you and Alexander (my husband) only want two kids, why don’t we switch houses? I could have this one and you take moms house. I would appreciate it! It would really help with space and you would make me and your niece and nephews so happy!”

I laughed out loud, the house mom had left behind was big and it was more than enough space for a 5th child.
I know my sister wants my house because it’s more modern looking then moms.

I replied by asking her if she was mentally ill and if she felt okay.
I was joking, I will admit it wasn’t the best thing to say but it was the first thing my brain could process to say.
With that she started screaming, she called me selfish and asked if I had no compassion for her.
she went on and on about how I know her and her husband are struggling with money and that the old house just wasn’t doing it for her, I yelled back and told her to get out of my house.
With that her and her family left.
Her husband was glaring at me the whole time and my husband couldn’t do anything but laugh because he found the situation ridiculous.

Since then ive received texts from distant family members, saying things such as “your sister never asks you for anything, just do her one favour” and “your mother didn’t die for you to treat your sister like an animal”

All I did was tell her no and everyone’s acting like im evil, their words have really made me rethink if I did the right thing, so tell me, AITA?Throwaway because my main is obviously me. So my husband (40)m and I (25)f share a bank account. There are three kids in the house including my newborn (I didn’t take any maternity just kept working, I am also the baby’s exclusive caregiver, he does stuff for older kids) A few pieces of information, I started a business about 5 years ago that ended up working out really well (don’t worry it’s a real service based business not an MLM or something haha), 3 years ago my husband decided he wanted to stop working and stay home with me so he did, shortly after that he wanted us to merge bank accounts. I also want to put here only because it’s relevant that I bring in a high 5 figures that allows us to be comfortable where we live. We aren’t rich by any means but we aren’t struggling either. FF another year he started making budgets, weekly ones and then ones to buy things he thinks we needs, various gear, tools etc. He also controls how much we save etc. If I spend any money it comes out of the weekly budget and I have to tell him and round up, even if it’s 1$. So if I spend 1.58$ I spent 2$. Literally every single penny I put out has to be reported to him. It’s very stressful. It also makes buying things for our kids hard because even though we have tons of money outside his budgets I can’t touch any of it, so I have to squeeze things they need into the weekly. So last week I went out and I spent 20$, I came home and I forgot about it. He noticed and got really upset, he was like “this is unacceptable, why are you trying to destroy the family etc”. About a year or a year and a half ago I got in trouble for spending a few times without telling him culminating in about 200$ of “missing” money, I had to sell some of my things to make it up. He forensically examined the bank account and didn’t find anything else I had spent without telling him but he’s still feeling very righteous in his upset. So AITA? I know budgets are normal but I feel this is a bit much.

Edit: could anyone share what their budgeting system looks like if you’re married/living together?

Edit for clarity: all three kids are mine, I don’t know why I wrote it weird I’m sorry

Edit also; what I said about having to pay to visit my mom, basically she wanted me and my kids to come up for a weekend but she lives kind of far away so I needed to take one day off to make it worth the drive but he wasn’t pleased about that (bad terms with my mom), especially because we had recently taken 2 weeks off after I gave birth. So basically he said we could go but if my mom gave me the money to make up the average amount I would have made working that day, so that it didn’t affect us if I took a day off.

Edit: I think the admins could maybe lock this? I’ve taken up enough of everyone’s time though I deeply appreciate the level of response here I really do 

Edit: I’m so overwhelmed and genuinely it’s really humanity redeeming that so many people seem to care and 99% are extremely kind thank you, I’m sorry I’m not replying to more comments I just am processing 

TLDR my husband has a very strict budget system that requires me to report everything from a dollar up. I forgot on a 20$ spend. AITA?[removed]So my wife 35F and I 36M are expecting a daughter. We already have a son who is 2 years old. 

Our agreement was that I got to name the first baby, and she got to name the second baby. She didn’t have any strong opinions or preferences with regards to naming our son so I went with what I thought was a strong, somewhat unique name but that could just as easily suit a musician as a lawyer or doctor. 

I picked the name Calvin Heath, the middle name after my brother who unfortunately passed away and my wife was fine with it. 

My wife told me she wants to name our  daughter Ever Winter Rain where Ever is the first name and Winter Rain is the middle name. I don’t think this is a good name and that it isn’t fair to our daughter because Ever is a word and I don’t think it passes the supreme court justice test — it doesn’t sound professional, it’s confusing because it’s a word and I don’t think it would suit her into adulthood. 

I suggested Winter as the first name with a more normal middle name like Emma so she has options but my wife refused. But our agreement was that she got to pick the name. AITA if I refuse and don’t sign the birth certificate if she wants to name her Ever?I'm a 24 yo man and my friend (Jess) is a 22 yo woman. We've known each other for about three years since we met in a class. We've always been platonic, and to be completely honest I'm not the type of guy to go for it. 

Yesterday, Jess was supposed to move. I was going to drive my truck over to her place, help her load up her stuff, and get her out of her apartment. Her situation with her roommates has become highly unstable due to irreconcilable differences so she was in a rush to leave.

The day before yesterday, as a way of thanking me in advance, Jess ordered pizza for the two of us. We were sitting there watching a movie on my couch, being platonic friends as usual, and suddenly she inched closer to me. I figured it was nothing until a minute later she got a little closer. Then she got a little closer and all I could do was think about how it was finally happening.

She squeezed up really close next to me and looked up at my face. I'm not the most confident guy so all I could say was "hi," to which she responded "hi." Then she asked if I wanted to do "something." I asked what "something" was. And she said "oh y'know ... something." Still trying to keep room for plausible deniability, again, I laughed and said I don't know what "something" was. She kept staring at me and nodding, and I thought I'd take my chances. I asked if I could kiss her.

She immediately stood up, walked to the other end of the room, and sat down on the armchair. Then she took out her phone. I immediately apologized to her, and she said that I should just forget it. A few minutes of incredibly awkward silence passed, and then she said "I guess Kim (her best friend) was right." I asked what Kim was right about, and she explained that for several years, Kim has repeated again and again that I was only trying to get into her pants. Apparently, Kim put her up to "testing" me.

I felt horrible. Immediately I apologized to Jess again, said that while I found her attractive I'd do nothing to hurt our friendship, and then apologized yet again. Jess accepted it while crying a bit. Then I told her she had nothing to worry about.

After Jess went home, I got to thinking that it was incredibly meanspirited that she would do that to me. I apologized, but that juvenile high school prank just started to strike me the wrong way. I talked to my sister (who I can talk to about anything), who reinforced that it was disgusting behavior. Then she asked for Jess's address, which I declined to give her.

The next morning, instead of meeting up with Jess at the promised time, I just didn't. I had taken the day off work, but I went in anyway because I wanted to get my mind off what happened. Jess was blowing up my phone all day, and then I got a couple of texts from a number I didn't recognize, which I imagine was Kim. Finally Jess called me a "flaking creep," and that was the end.

I'm really mixed on this. I feel kind of bad, but not so bad. Was I wrong?Hello reddit. I don’t have anyone I can share these thoughts with in person, so I’m hoping you guys can help me resolve this.

I (20m) am a single child... or at least I thought I was. Just over a year ago, I discovered that I have a sister, Lucy. The story goes that my mother had a child with her first boyfriend while she was in college, and they couldn’t support her so she opted for adoption at birth. My father was aware of this, but I was never told. 

Anyways, about a year ago she made contact with my/our mother. They’ve gotten on pretty well, keep in touch and go on the odd lunch. Lucy’s also attended a couple of our family events this past year. Her and I get a long fine as well. We’re different people so not friends, so I sort of see her as an acquaintance/friend of the family I guess. It’s a little odd because I know we’re closely related, but at the same time she doesn’t feel like “family” if that makes sense.

Okay so there’s the back story, now on to the dilemma. My grandparents on my mothers side both passed a few years ago. My mother was their only child, and I their “only” grandchild, and they left their entire estate to me. This was known to my parents and me before they passed, as they had expressed it when they made their will. My parents are well off financially (moms a nurse dads a doctor), and so they were fine with the arrangement. I was given access to the money on my 20th birthday, and the sum of money was much larger than I expected; totalling around 6 million. This is why I can’t really talk about this with anyone impartial, because I don’t really want friends etc to know.

Anyway, a few weeks ago my mother sat me down, and asked me to share the money with Lucy. Now, here’s the thing; like I said, to me Lucy is essentially an acquaintance. I know we’re related by blood, but I don’t exactly feel the type of connection to her that would merit giving her such a large sum of money, or any money at all for that matter. So I explained that to my mother, and she wasn’t exactly happy with my answer. She believes I’m being extremely selfish, and that Lucy could very much benefit from this money as well since she’s still a college student and in debt.

Here’s why I think I might be the asshole; I don’t really see that as my problem. I believe family is who feels like family, not who shares your DNA. Secondly, my grandparents were aware of Lucys existence (even though they never met her) and they chose to leave everything to me all the same. Also, it is not as though Lucy grew up poor in the foster system or anything, she was adopted at birth by what seems like two great people. Her adoptive parents are an accountant and a teacher. 

P.S. I do not plan to just horde the money. I am starting law school this year, and plan to use it to start my own firm once I’m finished. So, go forth and judge me please. Am I being a selfish asshole here, or am I justified in thinking that simply being related by blood doesn’t merit any claim here?I (33M) am a future parent to two twin boys. Me and my wife have recently been deciding names for our twins and my wife wants them to be matching. I said I don’t like the idea, I have a twin sister who I matched everything with and it got so annoying to me. She says it’s cute, but I told her for the sake of our kids lets not do the matching name thing and only make them match on things they BOTH want. Ex matching halloween costumes. My wife disagrees and my MIL is saying I should, but my sister is agreeing with me. AITA?Update at the bottom. 

Throwaway. Ok I know the title is confusing but hear me out. I went out to eat with my (34f) bf (35m) and a two other couples. For context I am a mother to a 5yr old (not my bf child). So two tables away was a new parent couple & what I can only assume was the guys parents. I assumed this because I was that girl when I first had my child. Out to dinner with your fathers child and his family and baby is being fussy- you’re struggling and no one is helping you. Baby’s crying for about 15 min now all while the father or no one else for that matter is offering her any help or a break so she can have at least a bite of her food that’s been sitting there cold for about 30 min. I really just wanted to run to her grab the baby for a bit and tell her to eat. 

This is where I might I have been an asshole:baby’s crying (again no one paying attention) and she goes to comfort baby and breastfeed. Well ALL of a sudden she’s the center of attention! Baby father says what are you doing? That’s disgusting go to a stall in the bathroom! At this point I lost it. My bf was trying to calm me down the entire time telling me it’s none of my business but I just went ham. I got up from my table walked over and told him if he found it so disgusting why doesn’t he go eat his sandwich on the the toilet. I said she has been struggling, hasn’t had a bite to eat all while the 3 of you sit there enjoying yourselves and letting her drown.
And then I said loud enough that the tables around could hear that anyone who is offended by a woman breastfeeding needs to get checked because breasts weren’t made for men to suck on for pleasure they were made for feeding and that’s exactly what she’s doing. 
No one said anything but she also didn’t go to the bathroom and finished feeding her baby who calmed down and she was able to eat. 
My bf is upset I caused a scene in front of some of his friends and everyone really at the restaurant but I just couldn’t sit back watch, and say nothing. 

So Reddit, AITA for inserting myself and yelling at strangers?

Just some clarification after all the comments: I do agree and feel terrible that I could have put her in a position to get yelled at later. That wasn’t my intention. I saw red, mostly because I have been through exactly this and have gone home in tears and feeling alone. I would normally not get into anyones business. I appreciate all your feedback and for sure next time I feel the urge to say something I’m going to take a breath and find a better way to communicate that doesn’t put anyone in danger or interrupt other people. My bf is still not talking to me until I apologize because again I embarrassed him, regardless of the reason. Feel like I should just send a text to his friends and keep it moving.

Update:
Wow guys- thank you for all the responses, support, advice and criticism. These past 24hrs have been crazy, so here’s a quick update. 

I mentioned in a previous comment but will say again that the young mom did give me a smile as we were saying our goodbyes in the parking lot and they were leaving. In terms of this situation like I said I could of had more tact and really hope I didn’t expose her to more abuse in retaliation. 

As for my boyfriend- well now ex because HE BROKE UP (well told me he needed space) with me. I showed him the thread and this is what happened:

1. Super pissed that I posted this on here. ‘Why am I putting our business out on the internet?’ And basically I wanted people to turn against him (what?!) and more attention then I already took at the restaurant 
2. One of his friends is very conservative and while his friend didn’t actually say anything to my ex he says his friend was definitely offended by the breastfeeding at the table because it’s not hygienic. He doesn’t agree that she should have gone to bathroom but it wasn’t the appropriate place to feed.
3. One of the things he liked about me was how I kept my ‘mom life’ separate from my relationship with him. And that while he was weirded out that I never invited him to my house the entire time we’ve been dating (2yrs) he appreciated not having to be involved because he has never wanted kids. Doesn’t like them. So basically I set a boundary from the beginning of ‘no kid stuff’ I crossed it at the restaurant and made a big scene in front of his friends who he says were also embarrassed but weren’t going to say anything. 

So like this is all still going on. I’m a bit sad - like maybe I did do the most- but also I’m like f him. Since me and my daughters dad split 50/50 I can see how someone can see me and not realize that I’m a whole ass mother. The reason I don’t let people I’m dating come to my house is because at the end of the day I don’t know these people from Adam (did you torture animals as a child 🤷🏽‍♀️) and rather than expose my daughter to variables (guys character or behaviors) I prefer if they don’t have access. I know it may sound crazy or weird, but when I was in college a guy I dated would show up to my apartment drunk yelling for me outside my window. So I’m not leaving the door even cracked for something like this to happen and my daughter be home with me. She’d be terrified. 

So what he said was he needed a break and I just said let’s just not do this at all because it’s not gonna work. For sure I set boundaries with my kid but if anything involving kids is a problem than we aren’t going to work because again I am a mother. And even on my days ‘off’ I’m on call because anything can happen and I need to be there regardless. 

Thank you guys for all your responses. It’s hard sometimes when things blow up like this to whisk away the bullshit and see things for what they are.Me (30f) and my husband (32m) Keith got married in 2019, 2 years after my wife Katrina passed in 2017. Me and Katrina got married in 2015 but we started dating in 2012. I met my husband in 2018 and we quickly started dating, he proposed on Christmas 2018. But in the past 3 weeks he has been making jokes that me and Katrina’s marriage wasn’t real because we’re both female and about how ugly she was and that he would never be caught dead dating her, I have asked him to stop but he keeps brushing me off the other day he made an especially insensitive comment about Katrina I was fed up so I blurted out “do you know how how fucking insensitive your being?” He looked at me shocked and got up walked away he hasn’t been talking to me for the past 3 days I tried apologizing multiple times but he keeps saying that what I said really hurt him so am I the asshole?

Edit: me and him did divorce thank you all so much for convincing me to do this!Due to job opportunities, we recently moved into a new neighborhood. While most things were going fairly smoothly, we'd at around 4pm hear a couple of knocks on our door, when we went to see who it was, to our surprise there wasn't anybody there. It was only until a couple weeks later that we thought there could be the possibility of someone doing ding dong ditch. We just never thought of it as everyone here seemed really relaxed, so ding dong ditch never crossed our minds.


As to not resort to any extreme measures, we put up a sign near the door saying to "please not trouble the peope inside by doing these silly pranks", which didn't work. Since it didn't work, we resorted to asking people about it, but all i got was that it was some sort of tradition for kids in the neighborhood to do this to the new people in the area.

This kind of irked me as ding dong ditch is really annoying so i set up a camera inside our house to capture who was outside our door. 


After reviewing the footage multiple times i was able to confirm it was some brat who was a couple metres away. I went to speak to his parents but they laughed it off saying kids will be kids, so i decided that I'd myself do something about it. After 3 days the kid came back, but i was hiding behind an unlocked door with a large water bucket. As soon as he knocked and turned i opened the door and splashed him with water.

 I thought that was that but, the kids parents came not even 10 mins later, demanding as to why i soaked their kid in water, i tried to justify my reasoning but to no avail.

Im conflicted/feel like an AH as i myself used a petty way of getting that kid to stop annoying us. I would love to hear your opinions on this as well.My brother (17M) lives with me (25F) and my husband (26M) full since both our parents passed away in an accident last Feb. He's a great kid, but losing our parents made him a quiet, sad young boy. I've tried to encourage him to attend therapy so he can work on his grief, but he has refused every single time telling me that he's not ready yet. I get it, everyone works at their own peace and as longs as he's not deliberately hurting himself, I won't pressure him. I try to be as involve in his life as I can be without it being overwhelming, we both enjoy movie nights or binge watch shows on the weekends and he also helps my husband with his old car.

Before our parents passing my brother had a gf (16), she seemed like a good kid too, but after the funeral my brother decided that being in a relationship wasn't what he needed at that time and broke up with her. Totally valid. But she didn't take it good and was sure that my brother only needed ''some love'' to heal.

Last month she began to drop letters and gifts to our door and my brother refused to open them every single time, she used to message and call him too and I could see the distress on my brother's face. The worst thing happened last friday, it was my brother's birthday and my husband and I decided to take him out, when we got back he went to his room and as soon as he did it, eh came down running.

Now, his ex found her own way into my house, arranged his room with photos of him with her, their friends and our family, put some balloons and was waiting for him with a cake, mind you, this is creepy as fuck, so while my husband entertained her I called the police and they took her for trespassing private property. My brother is thankful, but my husband and the kid's parents are sure I'm overreacting and that I should drop the charges because she's trying to do something nice.

**Little update: I just talked to my brother and we agreed on getting a restraining order no matter what, he'll be switching rooms since he told me that he can't sleep there anymore, our guest room is a bit smaller bus he says that he doesn't care! That's it for now, he hasn't said anything about therapy or dropping the charges.**I met my wife Sonya at a restaurant where she worked as a waitress. It took me a while to finally be her boyfriend. I introduced her to my parents and they voiced out their disapproval after meeting her. My parents think that Sonya is only using me to achieve her American dream. I told them that is racist and I am very offended by their assumption. 

After my wife accepted my marriage proposal, we asked for both our family's blessing. Her parents were happy for us but my parents were gutted and refused to give their blessing. Because of this we decided to elope and only invited my brother and Sonya's bestfriends to be our witnesses. 

Long story short, now that we're 2 years married and after we welcomed our first child, my parents started to reach out to us. My kindhearted wife didn't think twice to welcome my parents into our lives. She let them meet our baby 2 days after being discharged from the hospital. 

My parents visit us regularly and one day while dad and mom are playing with Garreth mom said something along the lines of "aren't you the cutest baby ever? I am so glad to confirm you are indeed my grandson". She didn't know I was around because she looked startled when I said "what does that supposed to mean?" Mom tried to change the subject but I insisted she tell me what she's talking about. Mom sat me down and apologized first before telling me that they had Garreth's DNA tested to make sure that he's mine. I was speechless for a moment and before I blew up from anger I told dad to give me my son and they better leave before I lose whatever respect I had left for them. My mom was very apologetic and said it's because they don't trust my wife and that our son looks nothing like me. I didn't argue anymore and told them to get out of my house. My wife was in the kitchen preparing for lunch and told her my parents had an emergency that's why they left without saying a word. I didn't tell my wife about the whole DNA test thing until after two weeks when she asked why mom and dad didn't visit anymore. I told her everything as I know I cannot keep a secret from her. She started crying and it broke my heart. I know how much she tried to win my parents' approval and what I told her was like a slap across her face.

That night she told me that she can no longer let my parents in to our child's life and I agreed with her. When mom called to ask when they can visit again, I told them they are no longer welcome in our son's life. Mom called my dad and I told him the same thing. He was livid, he called me ungrateful and cruel. He also said a few choice words about my wife which angered me more. I didn't even hear the rest because I just hung up. Did I overreact? AITA?

Hi. This a minor conflict that me f31 and my boyfriend m33 had this week. We've been together for 9 months. He's a pediatrician and I have a job at an elementry school. He's sweet and makes me feel happy whenever we're togetger.

He was missing me lately and been wanting me to visit and he was too busy so I only got the chance to visit yesterday.
We sat down in the living room in his apartment and he was about to make some coffee when the door rang 13 minutes after I arrived. He went to take a look through the hole then returned and asked me to get up and follow him to the kitchen. I asked why but he didn't say. He had me enter the kitchen and said his 2 friends who are his work colleagues (doctors) came to visit and he wanted me to sit tight for few minutes til they leave. I was confused I asked why not let me just meet them and he said no not like this and asked me to not come out the kitchen til they leave then went to welcome them.


I sat still waiting as the time passed. They stayed for an hour and I started calling Donnie but he didn't answer me. I felt uncomfortable and couldn't wait anymore after I was ignored like that. I just took my purse and walked out the kitchen and told Donnie that I got bored of waiting for his friends to leave then said I was leaving and walked through the door immediately feeling upset.

He was stunned and so were his friends. He called me later saying what I did was disrespectful and rude. He said he asked me this one favor and I didn't do it. I replied that I left because of the treatment I recieved nomatter how much he tells me to make myself at home I was still a guest and I was made to feel like I was less than his doctor friends but he swore it wasn't like that and that he considers himself lucky to have known me but still said what I did was not cool and leaving like that and saying what I said infront of his friends was wrong of me.

I'm adding more information to make few things clear.

Edit1 I already met his family and other people but none of them is in the same field he's in. We also meet publicly

Edit2: He claimed that they were talking about stuff I wouldn't understand and I'd feel awkward sitting there not knowing what they were talking about.

Edit3: he said I should've made myself busy making dinner in the kitchen instead of waiting til his friends leave since we agreed to eat dinner together but I ruined our plans.Throwaway because friend/siblings know my main account. 

For background, my husband's parents were very strict about food growing up. They restricted him in what he could eat and shamed him for eating anything they deemed 'bad'. They didn't teach him how to have a good relationship with food, and subsequently this led to him sneaking in junk food as a teenager and going crazy once he moved out of home. He gained a lot of weight because he was eating all the things he couldn't eat as a kid and had no sense of self regulation. On the other hand, my parents forbid any diet talk in the house and didn't categorise foods as good or bad, and as a result I have a great relationship with food. There was also zero talk of weight in our household which is something I want to carry out now as I raise our child.

My husband and I have an 11 year old daughter together and so far things have been going really well. She's never been a skinny kid, but she's at a perfectly healthy weight for her age and height. Lately she's hit a growth spurt and I swear she grew 3 inches taller in 3 months. She's had a bigger appetite and has been going for seconds at dinner or having slightly bigger portions at meals. She's a good eater and she'll eat all her veggies. It's not like we're pulling teeth to get her to eat spinach or anything. 

With her growth, she's obviously gained a little weight as you do when you get taller/eat more/get all those pre-teenage hormones working. She's still healthy. She's still playing basketball and swimming and doing everything she loves. 

But despite this, my husband really wants to begin monitoring her portion sizes and not letting her go for seconds, or letting her eat chips or lollies at all. I put my foot down and told him absolutely not, because that's a quick way to fast track an ED at her age. 

He told me he doesn't want her to be fat like him. I told him the reason for his weight is due to his parents' attitude towards food, and that if having a fat daughter is so terrifying then we should be encouraging her to have a healthy outlook on all kinds of foods and not restricting. I also said he should be more scared of having a daughter with an eating disorder than having a fat daughter. 

He called his parents, who have never had anything nice to say about my daughter's weight. His mum was your typical "always on a diet mum" and it really messed up his sister. This is the last thing I want for my daughter and I feel like I'm being attacked by them.
Don't know if the title makes sense but here's something context...

I (f33) have been with my fiance (m31) for 3 years. This is my first official holiday (Christmas) with my in laws since they refused to include me in previous holidays because I was just "the girlfriend" and wasn't "official". Anyways, My inlaws had a conversation with me about their holiday tradition which is a trip overseas that include the entire family. They told me that this year the plan to have a distanitation holiday and spend 15 days visiting parks, ski resorts, malls and doing family bonding activities in the spirit of the holidays. It sounded great and I was excited to be part of that but they told me I had to pitch in with 7k...seven thousand dollars to be able to go with them. My mind was blown because wtf that is a lot of money to spend on a holiday trip. For the record they're wealthy and work high paying jobs while I have a 9-5 job that barely gets me by. I said I was sorry but I don't have that kind of money. They said yes I do and brought up the money I had saved which is 10k as emergency fund for my 12 year old chronically ill son. I said no and told them I'm not coming don't count me in but they kept pressuring me saying I can't decline to be part of my first holiday with them as they planned to introduce me to everyone and more importantly this is a family tradition and I'll be disrespecting them by not coming since everybody will ask "where's Adam's fiancee?". I still declined and my fiance told me to really think about it as my son needs this trip and that money shouldn't be a problem since it comes and goes and urged me to take this "priceless" opportunity to be part of something special that his family do and strengthen the bond with them. He gave time to think but I'm not about to change my mind because it's insane to expect me, a mother of a chronically ill child to blow that kind of money on a holiday trip. My inlaws are disappointed in me pressuring me to make the right decision instead of dying on the money hill.


ETA: I just read a comment that had a really good question - The question was wether my inlaws will be willing to help in the future in case I needed money for an emergency and the answer is no from the way they talk about money whenever I'm present as if I was some gold digger going after their money...It's unacceptable.

Also the reason why my fiance keeps pressuring me to go is because he doesn't want to go alone since his family are expecting him to go and if he doesn't go then his family will start openly accusing me of dividing the family and ruining their traditions. His words not mine. This is what he said to me.
My husband 30 and I 32 keep our finances seperate and we do not share anything until and unless there's an agreement. He wants it this way and I'm OK with that although he can be strict with what's his and what's mine.


Anyways, 2 days ago he brought home a raw steak cut and asked me to take time off work (I wfh) to cook it for him and I said OK since he was a bit sick and exhauated.


I prepared the steak and added all ingredients together then put it inside the oven then stopped by the bedroom where he was lying in bed playing on his phone and told him I had to go back to work and the steak was in the oven and he ** needed to turn it off in exactly 10 minute** so it wouldn't get overcooked since he hates it overcooked.


40 minutes go by and my husband rushes in freaking out telling me he just checked on  the steak and it was completely burnt. I ask why he didn't turn off the oven 10 minutes after I notified him and he says to me that he was busy harvesting the stawberries in the game he was playing. I just shrug and tell him this is on him then for being on his phone distracted and letting the meat burn but
He says to me " well, no shit it's your fault because when you start something, you finish it and you were supposed to finish cooking the steak!". I meanly remind him I agreed to take valuable time off work to cook for him when I didn't have to and when he was playing on his phone so he should be grateful but gets more upset and says that I need to pay $$ for the steak since he bought it from the butchers so it's high quality unlike the supermarket but I said no this is not my responsibilty but he then tells me that yes, yes it is and that I should think of it as if I took $$ from his salary and burned it not to mention that he gets no dinner therefor I owe him. I lash at him telling him no and to get out of my office so I could finish my work since my time is valuable as well as his precious steak and he was wasting it.


He keeps insisting I pay for the price of steak and even said I was wrong for refusing to take responsibility and correct my mistake and just pay because he wants to buy another cut of steak but DOES NOT plan on using his money again because why should he? He wasn't the one who cooked and *let* the steak burn. AITA?


**EDIT to explain that seperate finances is his idea and the reason for that is that he was married to a women (out of the usa) and she took all his money and belongings once they got seperated. In an illegal way of course thus he now feels uncomfortable to share finances with another partner which like I said is OK with me since I have many married friends with seperate finances who are living happily.**



**EDIT2 Wow! Too many people on here commenting and I can't read every single comment but I just wanted to say that I showed my husband the thread and He wanted to tell you guys something but I didn't let him touch the phone and type by himself because I know how rude he can be online so I'm just presenting a more civil version of what he wanted to say.

He says that he thinks the comments he's seen are being unfair to him and completely pshing aside the fact that he a. Paid money for this steak cut and b. That I agreed to cook and so he thinks I should've finished the favor. He also says that I left out the part where I suggested he get a cheaper steak from the supermarket (I did) which was offensive because he spend time driving to the butchers and money to buy a fresh steak and eating at the steakhouse is expensive. Also he says to the top comment that he doesn't like freaking strawberries that is why he can't eat them.

I think that's enough. he's pressuring me to give him my phone so he could type out what he wants to say but I believe all the relevent info is here. I'll update if possible.[removed]Some background: My grandparents owned a 4 Bedroom lakehouse with about an acre of land for about 25 years. Through the years they hosted many family events and people visited often to get free getaway. Last year they wanted to move into a nice old folks home thats basically a resort. To do that and finance the rest of the years they sold their main condo and put this up for sale. I bought it at what was a fair rate at the time, it has since gone up in value about 25% due to the recent housing surge. I just finished with some renovations and officially got it listed on AirBnB as a side hustle. This summer I've gotten lots of requests from family to visit and I've said no because its being renovated, I also told them I intend to use it as an income stream, not a family vacation home. I got some pushback but held firm.

&#x200B;

Well now my cousin just got engaged and they want to plan a May 2022 wedding on a specific day that has significance  to them. This will end up being over Memorial Day weekend. My cousin Jean called me and asked if they could have it at the lakehouse since there's so much land for an outdoor wedding and she and her Fiance met there years ago  (his family is friends with our family). I told her that I anticipate renting it out that weekend and that she can have first dibs for the days needed and sent her the link to reserve it. She then realized this would run her close to 6k plus deposits and service fees, so really like 8k. She flipped out saying that this is a family event and a family house so I shouldnt charge. She then said it should be like my wedding gift. I told her "Jean my wedding was 3 years ago and you got me a set of knives (which I do like), its not really fair to say I should basically give you $6,000". She flipped, called me greedy and a terrible family member and hung up. Since this my parents, aunt and uncle, and one sister all told me that I was being greedy as well. My brother who helped with the renovations is on my side 100% and my grandparents told me they'd love to see a wedding there but said they sold me the house with no conditions so they wont pressure me. But Ive been getting so much flack from a couple people in my family...

&#x200B;

Edit: Im done responding to comments now due to how many ive gotten but to answer common questions:

In purchasing it from my grandparents, I made it clear that it would no longer be a family home and that I would be using it for an income stream. They knew this before selling.

Jean and I are not close, she's one of 13 cousins on that side of the family, we are 7 years apart and see each other probably 1-2 times a year at most. Part of my thinking for charging is that I dont want my place to turn into the defacto "family spot". It was not cheap and I had to take out a mortgage to pay for it.

For people not from the US, Memorial Day weekend is probably the most popular weekend for pool parties/lakehouse rentals etc. Its literally the most valuable weekend to own a lakehouse. I told her I'd give her first dibs on it before opening it up to anyone but it will easily get rented that weekend otherwise

The current price that people have called ridiculous is based off what the surrounding places of this size are going for. Since listing at that rate it has been getting booked super fast, and I've been encouraged to raise the rate. It is not overpriced for its market at all.

What I would charge is actually less than what the average venue would charge for the amount of guests she wants. She'd be saving about 40% from what a traditional venue would charge. I would also only charge the normal rate, not the holiday rate that AirBnB told me I should (and would for anyone else). So that is effectively a 30% discount off the bat.[removed]Five days ago my brother called me to let me know we had a pretty bad storm coming, asked me to drive up to help him patch up some stuff. He has livestock and didnt want to risk them getting injured.

My wife said she and our two sons (four and six) would stay at home, not wanting to risk getting stuck during the storm.

Three days ago she called, to let me know she and the boys were sick. I asked if she wanted me back early - my brother could of dealt with the rest on his own. She said no, and so I stayed. Storm hit pretty bad, and I didnt get home until last night. 

I got in and my oldest (nonverbal autistic) was really clingy. I didnt think much of it, he's always like this when he's sick. Youngest was sleeping. This morning he gets up and is clinging to me as well, which he doesnt usually do. Lets me know he's hungry so I make breakfast and they both finish it, oldest signs more and youngest agrees. 

At this point I'm concerned - to get our oldest to eat is a struggle, and its worse when he's sick. I get them more as asked, but ask my youngest whats going on. He tells me "mama is too sick". 

I ask about it, she confirms she was too sick to make them food, so all they had mostly been living on whatever the boys could grab for themselves.

All of the lower cupboards are filled with little snacks - gummies, crisps, the like. Which is all they had for three days. We were running low anyway, so who knows when the snacks ran out (we had none left, I checked). 

I got mad. Told her she cant let our kids live on junk just because she doesnt want to get up and make food. She says she was too sick, I say she should of called for help. She has a sister less than ten minutes away. Her parents are around the corner from us. My parents are thirty mins in a car, but I know they would of driven down.

There is absolutely no reason to let them go hungry. On top of the fact that I offered to come home and look after the boys so she could rest up.

She's claiming I'm insensitive, I dont know how sick she's been, etc. 

Her older sister came over to "help" but mainly to call me an abusive husband. Essentially saying that if I cared that much I should of taken the boys to my brothers with me. Which, I was going to, but my wife literally asked to stay at home with them. Her parents are also siding with her, saying that a few days without set meals is hardly neglect.

My parents are disgusted with her behaviour, but have told me to let it rest until she and the boys are better.

I dont know if I'm being irrational or not. But I feel like if food was going amiss, what else was she neglecting? Their teeth brushing? Our oldest isnt potty trained. Was she leaving him wet for hours on end?

I get she's sick and wasnt thinking straight, I do feel a little bad as she does seem worse this afternoon. But my kids deserve better. 

Am I the asshole here?

(Lmk if info is needed - some was cut for character limit)

**ETA:** Before I left we had about six packets of crisps left, maybe ten fruit gummy bags, a twelve pack of mini rolls and a six box of cereal bars, and then whatever snacks were at the back that we hadnt pulled out. All three were eating that stash, so safe to assume they ran out quickly. 

I am also a stay at home dad. This is the first time she's had the boys overnight by herself, which is why I was going to take them with me. She had this week prebooked off work because our oldests birthday was earlier this week and we were meant to be taking him to soft play and the zoo. She just booked the whole week off rather than individual days.

To the few people asking if she's autistic too bc genetics and what not; while she may be autistic in her own regard, she didnt carry the babies (which may explain her being less attached than I) and has no genetic relation to them.This is my first time posting sorry if I mess anything up. 

I(40m) live in a somewhat rural place. Decent land between houses, and a lot of forest. 

In between me and my neighbors land there's a decent sized pond. Technically it's all on my land but one side of it is surrounded by neighbor land. There's a dock on it, I upgraded it about 15 years ago so it's somewhat nice. It's right next to the property boundary if that's important. 

I go down there somewhat often, I usually am down there for a few hours in the evening with my dog, my work computer, and sometimes a drink. 

My neighbors are in their late 20s/early 30s, moved in a few years ago. They have a pair of young kids, both under ten(I'd guess maybe 5/6 and 8/9). 

Their backyard is not far from where I am in the evening, and neither yard is fenced in. Every few days the kids come outside when I am down by the pond. 

I ignore them, but about a week ago my neighbors approached me and asked if I would go inside or somewhere else when their kids were outside. They said I made them feel uncomfortable letting their kids go in the backyard, and that their kids are also scared of my dog. 

I do not pay any attention to their kids, I usually am facing away from them, and never directly facing them. I do get why they would not want their kids outside alone with me nearby, as much as it sucks(because this seems to have been misunderstood, I am not on any registry nor do I have any criminal history, however I get that they may feel uneasy about their kids being around a man that they do not know very well). 

My dog is always tied up when he's on the dock with me. He never barks when we're down there usually he naps. He is a fairly large dog(75-80 pounds), but there is almost no chance he could or would hurt them. 

They also expressed concern about me drinking. I do not get anywhere near the point of being intoxicated, it's at most 1 drink when I do have it(and I have it maybe a couple times a month). 

I told them that I appreciate them reaching out to me but I'm not going to stop. This week I kept doing it, and I got a somewhat angry letter. 

I'm honestly starting to doubt if I should just head inside when they come out. 

AITA for not listening to them and WIBTA if I kept doing what I'm doing?

Edit - the pond is basically inaccessible from everywhere except the dock due to plants, so there is almost no chance the kids could fall inI (19f) come from a wealthy family. Even so I had a job since I turned 16, my parents got me a car but I had to pay for my own insurance and gas. I had a limit for how much my birthday and Christmas gifts cost... 

When I graduated highschool and was accepted into a good college my parents gave me a choice:

1) I live in the dorms, they pay for everything, I get just a bit of spending money, but they won't have a say in my life at all since I am an adult.

2) I live in a 2 bedroom appartement they own in the city (doorman, gym, pool and cleaning service), they pay for everything and I have more spending money. In exchange I have to promise to keep a high GPA, no recreational drug use, no alcohol untill I turn 21 and to not have any roommates. Then when I am a junior the deed to the appartement transfers to my name.

I accepted the second choice and it has been great, I am an introvert so I appreciate my space.

The problem is that a friend I made in the beginning of the semester wanted to move in and I declined.

She comes from a middle class family, paying for her school using student loans, just normal. The first time she was over she started making some tasteless remarks (must be nice to never work a day in your life, must be nice to have mommy and daddy wait on you hand and foot...). When she wouldn't stop I just started distancing myself from her.

She has been having problems with her roommate from the get go, but yesterday she just couldn't take it anymore. She asked me in front of all our friend group if she could move in with me. I said no she can't.

She called me an entitled trust fund baby who didn't know what the normal man struggles are and stormed off.

Now all my friends say that I am the AH, that I have the space and it wouldn't cost me anything, I could just lie to my parents and they wouldn't know. I disagree but I thought better to ask because if they don't give it a rest I am planning to cut all of them off. I don't need that kind of negativity in my life.My (34f) brother (31m) is getting married in a month. My brother is not friends with my friends but he knows them by association and gets along with them and he's invited them to his wedding. My soon to be ex is also invited. He was invited anyway before I found out certain stuff.

My husband and I have known each other since high-school and we shared the same friend group. His friends are my friends and vice versa.

Recently I found out my husband has been cheating on me for 4 months with another woman and all of our friends have been covering for him. They all knew and enabled him. I immediately filled for divorce.

I came clean to my family about it few days after I found out. They were all shocked and angry. My dad was more focused on my husband cheating but my mom was more focused on our friends covering for him. My brother was also upset because he was close to my husband. My husband has left home and he's living with his sister for now.

Yesterday the topic of my brother's wedding came up and he was talking about the seating arrangements with me and my parents. He asked me if I would be comfortable to be seated next to my husband and our friends. I looked at him in disbelief and told him he shouldn't even be asking that question. I'm also upset that he's inviting them after all, especially my friends since they're not his friends at all and he just knows them by association. He said it would be mean if he uninvited all of them just one month before the wedding and said that he understands why I'd feel uncomfortable but he doesn't want to be mean. I reminded him how my husband cheated on me and I got lied on by all my friends who were enabling him. He says he's aware but I should not insist on him uninviting them because it's his wedding and he makes the rules.

I dropped it and didn't continue the conversation but AITA for expecting my cheating husband and the friends who covered from him to get uninvited from my brother's wedding? I want to highlight that the whole cheating issue is fresh, its barely been a month since I found out.I am a 38 year old landlord of a few single family rentals.  One of the rentals is an old, beaten up trailer from 1955 that I rented to a single mom and her daughter(around 14 now) a couple years ago.  I purchased the property for the land and was upfront about my intentions with the trailer right from the beginning.

I put the bare minimum of work into this trailer, but it is an affordable place to live for now. I charged her $600 a month and made sure she had working electric, water, hot water, heat, etc.  The roof was old and leaking and I have tarred over some leaks the past couple years a couple times.  I told her when it comes time for a major repair it would not be cost effective to do it and I would be removing the trailer and placing a modular home there.

&#x200B;

Fast forward to last month.  She informed me that there was a roof leak and needed more tar.  Upon inspection, it is no longer feasible to keep repairing and it would need an entire new roof.  Well, its not cost effective to replace the new roof so I told her she would need to find other housing.  She proceeding to play the "eviction ban" card and has refused to leave or pay(even the $600).  I had my lawyer send her the "non-habitable" letter and tell her to leave by September 15th.  She has not paid September rent and has not mowed the lawn since getting the letter or left.

&#x200B;

So yesterday I went over there, walked in and started "living".  She called the police on me, and when they came I showed them all the paperwork and told the officer, that she is right, I cannot legally evict her, but I am not evicting her.  She is living for free, and needs to pay for EXCLUSIVE use of the house.  If she does not pay for exclusivity then she is my vagrant roommate.  The officer sided with me, and told her there is nothing he can do to make either of us leave.  It is a civil matter unless something physical or threats of violence occurs.  She is absolutely pissed, says I'm a scumbag asshole.  Even though I have given her the most affordable housing in the area for almost 3 years now..lot rent in local mobile home parks is over $500 a month and you need to pay for the trailer and have neighbors.  This is on its own acre plot.

&#x200B;

I no doubt think I'm in the right here.  Someone is living on my property and not paying anything, I have every right to use said property.  

I'm curious as to what others think about this.  I know many landlords who would change the locks while she isn't home and risk the charge.  I didn't do it that way.  I even told her if she kept paying $600 I would let her stay, but you are renting the land, not the house.  I can't keep losing money to fix something for someone else to live.My dad wants to get a paternity test cos hes recently gotten convinced I'm not his real daughter. My mum ran away to another country with some guy when I was 8 years old and lately my dad's gotten really sure she was cheating on him long before that and I'm actually someone else's baby. He keeps talking about how paternity fraud is a big issue and he needs a paternity test to be sure he's not getting suckered into raising another man's kid. 

I don't know why this is only coming up now, and honestly it really hurts my feelings that hes like "I don't think you're *really* my kid". I'm biased obviously but I don't think I'm a difficult kid, I get good grades, I don't drink or do drugs or smoke, I don't talk back, I do my chores. So why does it feel like he's so desperate for me to not be his? Does he hate being my dad that much? 

Even though I'm pretty sure I am his real daughter, because we look pretty similar, I'm kinda scared of what might happen if we find out I'm not. Like, would he stop caring about me? Would he kick me out? I have nowhere to go. So even though he's fully set on getting a test, I'm refusing, and he's mad about it. I even told him I would consider doing it when I'm 18 (I'm 16 now, it's not that long to wait) but apparently he needs it *right now*. AITA for refusing?
My husband travels for work every few months. He's irresponsible with time and counts on others to do stuff for him using the "I'm tired" excuse. He's the breadwinner by the way!.

He had a business trip and the day of the trip he saw me carrying the laundry basket and said "hey can you pack my bag?" I asked why he didn't do it the night before and he said he was up all night playing fortnite. I asked why can't he pack now and he replied "I gotta go catch up with the boys before I leave the country". I said no and that he should do it himself. He asked why not and I told him that I had to do the laundry then cook for the kids then help them with homework then wash the rugs then clean the messy bathroom then the playing room then work on my garden project. He stood there with his eyebrow lifted up as I went on. I suggested he stays home, pack his own bag and help around til it was time for his trip. He didn't like my suggestion and complained about missing the boys and wanting to see them one last time and say goodbye before he leaves. He begged but I said no. He then suddenly went inside the bedroom (I thought he was packing*??), grabbed his phone, keys and jacket and rushed out. I just went about my day.


It was 5 o'clock and he hadn't returned yet. I was concerned thinking he had little time and still hadn't packed yet.
He returned home at 6 walked into the bedroom and started panicking asking why his bag wasn't packed and ready yet. I told him he should ask himself since he stayed gone for hours. He said he was counting on me to pack his bag and even sent me a text hoping I'd eventually do it. I didn't see the text and even if I did. I never agreed so he shouldn't have assumed I was going to pack his bag for him. He got upset and started packing. his stuff was all over the place and he couldn't even find his papers. He was finally done and left.


I then got an angry call from him asking if I was happy. I said why what happened and he said he missed his flight...just like "I wanted". He came home and lost it saying I cost him his business trip which supposed to earn him money and made him look unreliable/unprofessional and compromised his work after I refused to do him this small favor and pack his Goddamn bag. I responded that he shouldn't have hung out with his buddies literally hours before his flight but he said he believed this was done spitefully to get him to sit home with me. I was shocked. No words just shocked face. He called his friend saying his trip didn't happen..then turned to me and said thanks to ME then proceeded to ask where they were going to meet for dinner.

He told me "no trip meaning I'll be home for the next couple of weeks, isn't that what you wanted?, Great we'll both now stay home and wallow in misery, God bless!" Then walked out.

AITA? He said I just caused him issues at work. Should I have packed his bag anyway?.

* why he couldn't be on the next flight?.

Because since he missed his flight that the company was paying  for, he was required to pay for the other flight or not go. He refused to pay saying it wasn't his fault anyway and decided to not go.My 18-year-old cousin “Aria” asked me to buy her a pregnancy test and let her take it at my house because her parents are very religious and have a zero-tolerance policy for premarital sex/pregnancy. She made me promise not to tell anyone because if this got back to her parents, it could end badly for her. She took the test at my house, and it was positive. 

Later that day, my husband saw the test in the bathroom. Aria said she had hidden it in the bin but clearly, she didn’t hide it well enough because he saw it. He automatically assumed it was mine and asked me why I hadn’t told him, he was telling me how excited he was and was getting very emotional. I told him it wasn’t mine, so he asked me whose it was. Aria specifically told me not to tell anyone, including my husband, so I told him I couldn’t tell him. 

He assumed I was lying and got very upset with me. He started asking me questions about if I didn’t want to keep our baby. When I kept insisting it wasn’t mine, he told me if I told him whose it was, he would believe me but otherwise he would assume that I’m lying to him, and I didn’t want the baby but didn’t trust him enough to admit that. This caused a lot of tension between us for a while.   

Recently, it came out that Aria was pregnant, and my husband put two and two together. Now he’s mad at me again for not trusting him with this information and letting him go through the emotional turmoil of thinking I got rid of our baby.     

AITA?(repost, my other one was taken down)

**\*Fake Names\***

My (20f) brother, Nate (28m) is going to get married to his fiancee, Emily (32f) in a week.  I was extremely close to my brother growing up, he's my favorite out of all my siblings.  However, when he started dating Emily, we kinda grew apart but we still talk often.  Emily, on the other hand, we don't get along at all.  She hasn't done anything to me, I haven't done anything to her, we just don't see eye to eye on things.

They're having a "child-free" wedding. But in Emily's eyes, a child is anyone under twenty-one years old.  I know, dumbass rule.  Originally, I wasn't allowed to be there for the ceremony or reception.  I told Nate how much it would hurt to not be there for his big day, so he ended up convincing Emily to let me stay for the ceremony.

We had a family dinner earlier this week and Emily brought up that she would like to have a daycare service for the children of her guests at the wedding.  And somehow, she mentioned that she would love for me and my boyfriend (20m) to look over the kids.  My bf and I love children, we're actually studying to become a teacher and pediatrician.  We were on board with it until we heard that we'd be watching 40-ish kids for six hours, and only get paid $50 each.  We agreed that we'd do it for $150 each, but Emily insisted on her original offer.  And then Nate got involved, saying he told Emily that we'd be happy to watch the children and it would save them a lot of money, and how it's too late for them to find a different sitter.

The more I refused, the angrier Emily got.  She proceeded to tell me that I was being a greedy, selfish brat, and that I should be paying *her* since she'd be giving me practice for my teaching career.  And then she said that if I don't do this, I will ruin her wedding and won't be welcome at the ceremony.

At this point, the dinner's ruined.  My bf's uncomfortable, I'm pissed, and the entire restaurant is staring at our table because Emily's practically screaming.  We paid for our food and went home.

Now here's where I may be an asshole.  I honestly don't care about babysitting. In fact, I would probably do it for free.  My entire family knows this.  That's why they're so mad at me right now.  My phone has been blowing up all evening, telling me that I should want to do anything that will make my brother's wedding perfect and I'm being a childish asshole.

Sure it sucks I'll probably not be at the wedding, but I'm sick of Emily being a bitch to me.  I feel bad for putting Nate in this position and I hope this doesn't ruin our relationship too much, but it is what it is.

I know I'm being kinda childish about this, however, I do not think I'm being an asshole.  So, what do you guys think? Am I the asshole for ruining my brother's wedding and potentially our relationship?

&#x200B;[removed]My (47F) daughter (13F) is type 1 diabetic and sometimes hypoglycemic. Due to this, we set up a 504 that says she can eat a snack in class whenever needed, along with other accommodations. 

Anyways, at one point one of her teachers, who is apparently a new teacher, denies her a snack while hypoglycemic. She nearly passes out but in the next class she is in, the teacher has enough common sense to let her eat a snack before passing out at school. When she told me, I immediately called the teacher. When she called back, I lectured her and told her that she needed to let my daughter eat a snack when needed. She says snacks aren’t allowed in class but I tell her that due to my daughter’s 504 she is legally required to give my daughter an exception to that rule, and recommended she give it another read. Before hanging up, I tell her that if she does this again I will contact the principal and let him know. I recorded this call on my husband’s phone by the way. 

A month goes by and the same thing happens again. I request a meeting with the principal and my husband plays back the call between me and the teacher. I tell him she has done this twice and needs to have a talk with her.

Turns out, he actually fired her for ADA violations. How do I know? I ran into her at publix. She told me that it’s my fault I got her fired over “some stupid snacks” and I need to stop raising an entitled brat. Instead of arguing back I just walked away. Was I really TA? Did I actually go too far?
Context about family dynamics:

Me F26 and my stepbrother "Ethan" M30 met when we were very young, he
grew up being competative towards me and acted like we were in some kind of race in everything.

e.g. *he broke his finger on my graduation day and my parents couldn't attend*.

*He decided to put his dog down at my birthday and turned it into a sad anniversary and hated my parents for celebrating my birthday still instead of mourning his dog*.

*he got married on my mom's death anniversary*.


Years later he seemed to mature and be respectful we see each others in gatherings hosted by stepmom and Ethan said he wants me to be an aunt for his future kid (he and his wife are expecting)


Days ago was my engagement dinner it was held in a prestigous restaurant that cost me & fiancè "Morgan" money. Ethan and SIL showed up unexpectedly and they congratulated us then Ethan finished his drink later and announced the gender of the baby he and his wife were expecting proudly saying "we just found out and it's a boy everyone!". It was completely out of the blue. The family got excited and they ordered another round of drinks and started playing guess the name we chose game and chimming in with suggestions. ME, Morgan and MIL were sitting watching how this dinner turned into GR party. We were ignoooored til the end of the event.


Morgan was livid saying Ethan was acting like a high school attention seeking biiish and ruined our night by stealing the spotlight and redirecting it on him & family. I said we had to do something to at least do damage control after spending money on a hijacked event. He looked at me and asked "what do you have in mind?"



I immediately sent Ethan the bill for half of everything Morgan and I paid for with a brief explanation as to why he was expected to pay.
He called yesterday and was going hysteric saying I can't make him pay for jack shit when I was the one who invited him. But I did not invite him nor his wife. He argued that he came to the party after my stepmom told him he was invited and he didn't "intent" on hijacking it or anything, someone asked a question about the baby and he answered. just repeating "it just happened" and that it wasn't his fault people got interested. I said he still had to pay but he talked about how this wasn't *even* about him or his wife so I can't claim they were being milicious then stopped and asked "are you...are you being jealous of a baby presumingly stealing your "night"?, that's your nephew!!!". I called him crazy for jumping to such conclusion and as response he said he owed me nothing then and that I had to stop making unreasonable, entitled demands.

I had a fight with him and he called my stepmom. She said told me to knock it off and that it didn't matter since my fiance is "well off" and can always have 2nd engagement dinner if it's such deal. I refused and demanded he pay. He and his wife explained how I should be focusing on being aunt rather then punishing them like that.

Yes I did say that if he doesn't pay then they won't be at rhe wedding.Apologies, I seem to remember a similar post but for the life of me can’t find it. Don’t mean to be redundant!

My husband and I are a couple in our 40s, we’ve been married for 10 years now. We both have 17 year old children, he a son with his ex wife and me a daughter from my husband who passed. When we married, we chose to keep a portion of our finances separate due to both having children already, previous real estate investments, and he having expenses like alimony and child support payments. We do combine our incomes for our mortgage and household expenses, our retirement, major purchases etc. 

The college funds we have set up for our children have always been part of our separate finances, and as a result neither one of us have had terribly in-depth discussions with the other regarding the amount put into each child’s fund (we do discuss what goes into then regarding tax returns, gifts from relatives, etc.). I never expected both children’s funds to be penny for a penny equal, but I did expect them to be closer than what I recently discovered.

Both children have now applied to and both been accepted to university as it’s their Senior year. Now that a majority of scholarships are in, tuition and housing etc. are more concrete for each of their school options, we’ve started the specifics of the budget conversations. My daughter’s college/graduation fund is worth roughly 150k while my stepson has approximately a 15k dollar amount. 

Here’s where the argument happened… With her scholarships, my daughter will have more than enough for undergraduate school and likely her graduate work as well (assuming she maintains her traditionally good grades). In fact she’ll likely have a good bit leftover. Fine, I say, she can use it for a down payment on a home, whatever. After scholarships and the 15k from his dad, my stepson will still owe for undergrad. My husband feels like we should just combine the the funds.

When we married, we very specifically kept certain things separate and this was one of them, so I can’t help but feel unwilling to just scrap that and mix things together now. It doesn’t feel fair or right,  but my husband thinks it’s an asshole move not to give the kids the same thing. It’s never been a problem when my stepson has had extras due to having another parent and household also contributing to his clothing, his car, his spending money etc., but now suddenly we have to be even. And just to be clear, being “even” actually means giving my stepson even more of the money due to the fact that my daughter’s scholarships are more comprehensive.

The kids are close and I’m sure my stepson will realize there’s a difference in university money, but if my husband wanted to change things I feel like this should have been brought up sooner than this. 

AITA?

ETA since it’s been asked: my late husband was quite young when he passed, so there was nothing much to speak of in the way of an inheritance or life insurance.

And yes, to reiterate, my husband and I did discuss this prior to marriage and agreed to keep the children’s expenses as part of our separate accounts/finances.My boyfriend just turned 30 on wednesday and had a big party to celebrate it. I hadn’t been feeling well the last couple weeks leading up to it but I was determined to make his birthday a great one. Due to my job and financial reasons, I haven’t been able to take many days off so I scheduled a doctors appointment the morning of his birthday so I could celebrate in the evening. I found out I was pregnant during the appointment and was ecstatic. We’ve been trying for a baby for six years and I thought this would be the perfect present for him. When I got home, there were a few people already there for the party. I asked my boyfriend if we could speak in private and he ignored me. I asked again and he told me that if it was so important I could wait five minutes while he talked to his friend. So I just told him. He got extremely mad and started yelling in my face about how I was trying to ruin his day and that today was supposed to be about him and not me. He told all the people there to leave and messaged everybody else to not come because I ruined the day. He then stormed out the house and still hasn’t come back. I’m still so shocked and confused. He was so excited to try for a baby but his reaction made no sense. My mom said that while it is a great surprise I probably should have waited as it was his day. So AITA?

Edit: The link at the bottom is my update if anybody sees this and is still interested! I’m so grateful for everybody who commented and shared advice with me. Thank you!

https://www.reddit.com/user/maddybirdy/comments/s29ydm/update_on_my_aita_post/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf[removed]My (30M) girlfriend (30F) cannot drive. She did lessons over 3 years ago, hates driving and refuses to drive. She never took her test so she doesn't have a driver's license.

During covid she decided to stop working and I mentioned to her that it would be good for her to use that time to practice driving and do her test since where we live there isn't a ton of public transport, and asked her to let me know when she wanted to practice driving. 

After 6 months where she never asked me to practice I started pushing her to do some driving and we started going. She would have a panic attack every time a car was behind her and had forgotten lots of rules of the road (she wasn't braking before getting to a roundabout and whenever I said to her to brake she'd get angry) so I told her it'd be better to reach out to a professional and do more lessons and offered to pay for it. She never did and asking her about it would cause issues so I stopped.

When she started looking for a job she had to accept the only job that was easy to reach with public transport. After getting the job she told me she'd never drive and I told her that was ok but I would not be driving her places anymore because she had years to start driving and chose not to. 

She now registered for dance classes, which have been her hobby since forever, but the classes are 15-20 minutes away by car. I asked her how she was going to get there and she said she'd need me to drive her. I refuse to drive 15-20 min there and back and have to repeat that an hour later, 3 times a week. It screws up my evening and I did it pre covid because I was under the impression it was temporary but I will not be doing it forever. 

When I told her this she said she didn't think I was serious about her driving and that it was controlling to force her to drive when she didn't want to and when it made her anxious, and that it was even worse to force her to quit her hobby (there aren't any classes she can reach by public transport).

I can understand anxiousness but I've been driving her back and forth places for the 4 years we are together and cannot keep doing this, if I keep doing it she has no incentive to drive.
So, AITA?My(30M) wife(26F) is a disaster in the kitchen. She leaves a huge mess behind after she's done with cooking. She uses a zillion utensils even to make a coffee(don't ask me how, it's an unsolved mystery). 
Today, she said she learnt this new recipe from her mum and went into the kitchen to prepare it. When She was done it turned out to be vodka pasta. It tasted horrible because she added an entire bottle of vodka. She also put too much salt and it ended up tasting like salt with pasta on the side rather than pasta seasoned with salt. So I told her to make whatever she wants only for herself and never for me and also to clean up the kitchen after she's done cooking. 

To add, I've always cooked for us ever since we got married. I don't even mind cooking for her. She has no reason to cook for both of us. She says she wants to learn to cook. So I told her to make herself food and I'll taste a bit to tell her where she could do better. 

AITA?

Edit : I work as a chef at a restaurant and I work nearly 12 hours a day. So I have just enough time to get as much work done as possible at home and then go to sleep. When my wife cooks, the food turns out to be inedible and it ends up in the trash. Then, I have to clean up, cook again and them clean up once again. So it's so much work for me. She refuses to go to a cooking class too. I don't have time to for and teach her.

Edit 2: She boiled the pasta in vodka and water. Then she made the sauce with more vodka. Her logic was that since vodka is one of the important ingredients, adding more of it would make it taste better than the given recipe. She didn't realize that vodka makes food bitter when added in large quantities.[removed][removed]I (m32) have two older brothers (m38 and m40) and a sister (f34). Note the age differences. Our dad passed away 5 years ago in our hometown (a more suburban town in Wisconsin).

Our family was relatively modest when my brothers grew up, so they were cared for a lot by my parent’s families who are very conservative. My dad personally, was not. By the time me and my sister were born, our dad’s career was doing great and we were well off. Me and my sister have Master’s while our brothers didn’t go to college despite the funds and chances.

My mom had been trying to set my sister up with a churchgoer’s kid. This didn’t progress until around the time my dad died and my sister came back and helped with the funeral. My brother’s families are both in town as well. I worked in tech in China then and live in SF now and since the funeral have been mostly LC with everyone except my sister. Honestly, I was very close with my dad and there was obvious favoritism towards me which the others didn’t like. So, my mom and oldest brother now technically live in my house.

My sister somehow ended up leaving her career and moving back. She married the man my mom set her up with in 2019. I honestly was in shock at the wedding. I really didn’t ever see my sister living on a farm and becoming a stay at home mom. I knew for a fact my mom and brothers had a huge part in this, because there were a lot of “she’s back home” posts. Later I found out that she had pretty much given all her savings to her husband.

Late 2020, my sister, straight out of the blue started calling me and just “chatting” about things. I of course, love this. Early in 2021, my mom told me she was pregnant. I immediately asked my sister about this and she kinda broke down. In short, the husband has been abusive, she’s broke and my family and her in laws haven’t helped. My oldest brother wailed at her about how his wife went through the same thing and my sister should stop thinking she’s special. The first time she called me, he had kicked her out of their home for complaining about their finances. This was fairly common.

This is where IATA: I basically yelled at her too. I told her that she had a career which she can still go back to and I can help her move back to NYC (where she worked / studied before). And that the pregnancy wasn’t the end of it and there were other options.

The next day she asked me for 5k which I sent to her without asking. I didn’t hear much after and didn’t intrude coz it was a total mindfuck. A month later my sister told me she had gotten a new job in NYC and filed for divorce. The pregnancy is also no longer on the table.

Now my family has been blowing up my social media calling me all sorts of shit. I’ve in general called them shit back as well and the home might be on the market soon. My sister needed to switch apartments and got a restraining order against her ex and well… things aren’t great, but I’m happy my sister is better. So AITA?

Edit: I messed up a date and fixed some grammar.

Edit: Wow, I just woke up and did not not expect a response like this. Thank you everyone, this helps a lot!
I saw a couple of posts mentioned they had been in the same predicament as my sister and I’d really like to say that you aren’t alone. Please, please reach out to those you have ever been close to.My 23M sister F26 recently got married to one of those "It's just a prank, bro." guys. The guy is hysterical, he laughs at any and everything that he lays eyes on. He jokes, teases, makes fun and pulls very very nasty and cruel pranks all the time. It's like he has no filter. Some said he's mentally ill especially after he started telling jokes at his own father's funeral and almost caused my sister to get injured from his "count the stairs" prank.

Me and the family got our fair share of his ridiculous pranking campaign and we've had enough but to him it's not enough apparently, the kids love him and say he's fun so that's one positive thing about him.

The wedding was days ago. Once he learned I was bringing my girlfriend who he teased/pranked couple of times he started making comments about pulling some funny pranks at the wedding. I told him I won't react well and he can do with this info what he well. He just laughed me off hahaha type of laugh then I didn't see him til the wedding.

After the ceremony and while the guests were eating. He saw me and my girlfriend standing talking to several guests and mutual friends and he approached us with a glass of milk in his hand (no idea why he had it) and kept commenting on me and my girlfriend. He "invited" me to propose to her right then so the memory of my proposal will always be overshadowed by his wedding. Then said "relax, just a joke bro!" Then laughed. My girlfriend was standing next to me in her $320 dollar dress when my brother in law pointed to the left and shouted "look! There's a dog over there!" Me, my girlfriend looked to the left and next thing I knew he threw milk from his glass on her dress (it was a blue dress). My girlfriend was so shocked she froze. He started laughing saying "gotcha" I was stunned then I asked the hell he did that for. I lashed out at him as my girlfriend rushed to clean up and I called him obnoxious and mean because he shouldn't have done that . he said he was just messing with us and my girlfriend should feel lucky for being served milk at a wedding.
but my girlfriend was being too uptight and couldn't take a joke. She left looking angry and didn't respond to my calls. I was livid. After my argument with my brother in law I left.

The next day I called him and my sister about what happened and told them I'm expecting him to pay $320 for the dress he ruined. He threw a fit saying it was just a prank and my sister said milk doesn't ruin a dress and said an apology should do it but I said no and demanded he pay $320 after humiliating and getting my girlfriend wet and messy. My sister argued saying I'm being overprotective of my girlfriend but I hung up telling them they had til Friday. AITA?

ETA: My girlfriend doesn't work her parents paid for her dress and so they're equally upset as her if not more. My sister said my girlfriend and her parents shouldn't be spending that much on a dress if they can't handle the possibility of it being ruined by any chance.

ETA(2): My girlfriend is 20 years old. I offered to get the dress cleaned but she said she no longer wants it due to the bad memory attached to it since she wore it for the first time that day (she suffers from anxiety and depression) so I get why she no longer feels comfortable keeping it.Some background: my (28f) older sister (33f) has a habit of making everything about her, has done our whole lives, we are 2 of 4 siblings (another sister and a brother). For example, my wedding 4 years ago she had a massive fight with significant other and then announced a pregnancy, 2 days later told us it was a false alarm and she was just late, when I announced my pregnancy she announced she had broken up with her significant other, less than a week after I gave birth to my daughter she announced she was engaged (to a different guy, that she has since broken up with as well). She has also done similar with other family members, including her own children. She has 3 children from 2 different dads and has been engaged and broken up with 3 different guys in the last year. 

We had a family video chat to catch up so everyone could see my daughter (4 months old), no one has had a great deal of face to face contact due to restrictions and distance, some family members have yet to meet her in person. I use lots of nicknames for my daughter, mainly bubble, poppet or a shortened version of her name (think izzy if her name was isabelle), but occasionally use terms of endearment such as, sweetheart, my darling or my love. 

While on the video chat my sister asked me not to use my love as her new boyfriend calls her that, she's been 'talking to him' for about a month and is now apparently moving in next week. I apologised and said I wouldn't use it around her, thinking this was reasonable. She said no, I had to never use it again, I wasn't allowed to call my daughter that and she found it really inappropriate as it really should just be used in a romantic setting. This confused me and I refused, I said I could call my daughter whatever I pleased and I would simply avoid using the term in front of her. She got very defensive and went on to insult my parenting skills. 

Here is where I may be the AH, I told her, just because her new guy couldnt remember her name long enough to use it, and chances are none of us would put the effort into learning his, doesn't mean I need to change what I call my daughter.

She flipped out and left the call, some family members are on my side, some say I was too harsh, am I the AH in this?I (28m) have been dating my girlfriend (29f) for about 8 months. Very recently she received a major promotion from her work. This was highly competitive and she didn't expect to get it and she was naturally very excited when she got it.

When she came over to and told me about it I told her "That is so awesome. I'm taking you out tonight to celebrate; my treat."

We first went out to a casual but sort-of nice and sort-of expensive local seafood restaurant to eat. She not only ordered just about the most expensive thing on the menu but also a really expensive dessert. OK, fine; no problem. I kind of feel as if most people would've have been a bit more modest but whatever.

However after dinner we went out to a bar to have a drink. We were going to have just one or two and then go home. However her friends ended up showing up and it turned into a bit of a party. She ordered her friends several rounds of expensive shots (the particular shot they were doing included Crown Royal) which was about $40 a per round. The night left me broke and I had to put my groceries and bills for the next couple of weeks on a credit card.

I didn't say anything to her that night because she was in a great mood and I didn't want to kill her buzz, but the next day I did mention to her how I thought that she got a little carried away and shouldn't have spent so much of my money. After a little back and forth it turned into a big fight wherein she ended up throwing literal cash at me to "pay me back." I told her that I didn't want her money; just that I didn't appreciate being taken advantage of.

I know that I offered to treat her to a night out on me, but I think most people would hold themselves back a little more under those circumstances than she did. Am I off in that thinking?This is a throwaway account.

I[20f] was fortunate enough to buy a house. For only being 15k, I have to say its quite nice. It didn't really need much work besides a new roof and the cabinets needed replaced but my dad is a carpenter so that didn't really matter much. The pervious owner was an older man who unfortunately passed away after living in the house since before I was even thought of. I finally got to move in 2 months ago. It's been fun making ot my own but it's taken some time to get used to living alone. 

3 weeks after moving in, I was outside starting some work clearing out a few places to plant a garden and flowers in the spring. I live in the Midwest so I wanted to get this done before the ground freezes. My next door neighbor, I'll call her Jane(50s?), came out and introduced herself. I explained that I just moved in and was preparing my yard for spring. She said it was nice thqt someone was doing some work for the old man and gave me a speil about how it's a quiet neighborhood and I shouldn't have parties. I told her I Don throw parties but was planning on hosting a housewarming and Thanksgiving soon. She said it's weird to throw a housewarming when I was renting. I told her I own the house. She didn't believe me but went home.

Last week, I was out painting my front door. She stormed over yelling that I better of had permission to paint someone else's house. I again told her I own the home. She started yelling that I was too young to buy a house and she was contacting my landlord. I told her to stop being a busy body and leave me alone. She started demanding proof. I told her it was non of her business and to get off my property. She walked to the edge of her yard and called the police saying I was a squatter. When they showed up, I showed them my paperwork a asked to trespass her from my home. Jane is still angry.

I was talking to my dad the next day asking what I should do. He said I was an ass for making enemies with my neighbors and said I should have just showed her to put her mind to rest. I don't feel like I was in the wrong but my dad thinks I was. AITA?Ok so this is annoying me .please bear with me first time posting and on mobile.  By accident I found a package and opened it as I was wrapping the kids gifts. A package had gone missing my husband had orders and had been for my Christmas. Now in that closet I keep a bunch of unopened packages my mum sends to my kids and then open them the day I wrap them. Anyway I open this package and it is obvious it is not for the kids. It’s a self help book 12 rules to whatever .. I’m like what the heck. The guy who wrote it is a phycologist  Who is a misogynist right wing nut job. Who my husband likes and kind of falls in line with his own way of thinking. (Yes this is an issue as I’m rather left wing I guess) anyway so I tell him I found this package and accidentally opened it and he loses it saying how his name was on it and it had gone missing. At this point I’m like wait , no no no the only package gone missing was his Xmass gift to me… so THIS was what he thought was a thoughtful gift for Christmas. Basically telling me I’m a shit human and I need to change and this book will help. And he can’t understand why I am so pissed and was crying all night and most of the day. Am I wrong? This is not a gift you give on a holiday. This is expensive toilet paper IMO. I’m humiliated and embarrassed and hurt. Like I was so excited that he thought of me in advance and it wasn’t a last minute Walmart gift . I’m so upset. But Am I the asshole for not appreciating this thoughtful gift he got me ?
update: and a bit more info. 1.Yes I’m fact he DID say it was my gift. And yes he said to help me change. 2.when we met he was not like this or at least it was never apparent . It slowly became more of a thing then hit overdrive when he started watching throw guy. 3. I actually have in fact listened to him speak and find him intolerable. For many reasons.  All this said , after realizing he somehow fucked up (at least to my POV) he actually went out and got me some movies I wanted to see that we couldn’t because of covid. A couple of Xbox gift cards to buy a game. And a uno type game “cuz I like that kinda stuff” so he made an attempt to make me feel better and happier and not be as much of an ass even if he still can’t understand why I’m upset. For those who keep saying I should just be happy I got a gift. I’d have been happier without it. Thank you everyone for your judgment .
For clarity: I never bought him love languages I owned it and asked him to read it with me once and let it go after he said NO.  
 Also to respond to everyone hung up on my crying . Holidays are stressful as is. I had not slept almost at all for two days. Emotions were high and I was also responding to his yelling at me for opening a package BY MISTAKE.  So yes I’m childish but honestly I also don’t feel it was that over the top of a reaction either. I’m human and my feelings were hurt. 
Also I never at first mentioned the Author by name. So it was not me trying to start a huge debate about the guy or be bait or whatever. It was about am I justified to be upset about a self help book as a gift. That’s the yes I’m TAH or NO it’s not about my remarks on the writer. 
And Lastly it was not a quick google search of him that I based my options off of. It was diving down a rabbit hole for hours and feeling gross after the fact. But FINE I’m a chaos dragon I except that!Using a throwaway as my girlfriend knows my Reddit and I don't want to spoil the surprise.

So I (31F) and my Girlfriend (32F) are planning a trip to Disneyland Paris (Not for anytime soon with the pandemic but still planning, editing to include this as some people were concerned), it's not as big as say Florida but it's closer to us, it's also both our first time going, and as my Girlfriend is obsessed with Disney it's where i'm planning to propose to her to make it more special. 

My sister knows i'm proposing as she helped me pick out the Ring and she was very supportive until she found out where I was planning to propose, she doesn't approve of it as we're not kids and has stated that as we're not Children it's "weird" and how if I wanted to go there I should take her kids who are 10 and 6, I love my Niece and Nephew but this is a special trip for me and my Girlfriend. 

I explained this to my Sister and I thought she understood, but next time I was over seeing her kids they were upset as she had told them about the Disney trip and they couldn't understand why I wouldn't take them, I tried to console them but I felt very put on the spot and upset by this, I ended up leaving not long after and my Sister keeps badgering me to take the kids now as they're *so* upset.

The Worst part is my Girlfriend is starting to feel guilty and wondering if we should just take the kids with us. I can't explain to her why i'm so angry right now as I want to make this a special thing for her.Throwaway as some of the people involved are on reddit.

I have a daughter Emma(7) and she has a best friend Kat (7). They knew each other since prep school and are unseparatable since. However they are not allowed to stay overnight at each other places as Emma is allergic to strawberries which Kat loves, and Kat is allergic to nuts, while Emma loves hazelnut and Nutella specifically.

4 months ago Emma received an invitation from Kat to her birthday party, which has been accepted. I have asked Kat's mother before if I need to bring something for Emma, but she assured me everything is fine. When we arrived the entire part was strawberry themed and all the food (they only served sweet stuff) had strawberries in them. Due to this Emma gave the present she made to Kat and we left shortly after as I don't want to expose my child to allergies. Kat was told that Emma wasn't feeling well and we didn't want to risk if its covid.

Yesterday was Emma's birthday. She wanted a Nutella cake so one was ordered. I have warned Kat's mum that the cake will contain Nutella but cupcakes and other deserts are nut free. She knew about that and everything went fine until Kat had to be rushed to the hospital due to allergic reaction. Kats mum forgot that Nutella contains nuts and let Kat to have a slice while me and my husband were not watching. 

She called me an asshole as she felt I was getting back at her for throwing a strawberry party and now her child is hurt. She also said it in front of Emma so she is now feeling guilty and refuses to eat anything.

Aita for ordering a Nutella cake for my daughters birthday?

Edit: I just want to add, in my country (not English speaking) Nutella is advertised as a chocolate spread, not as hazelnut one, so a lot of  people don't realise it contains nuts, hence why I had to warn Kat's mum about them

Edit 2: so I have been told about another strawberry party post. Some details match except both of the kids are girls, party was 4 months ago when strawberry was in season and Emma was invited and her mother told me that Emma will have something to eat there.

Also Kat called Emma earlier on today and said the reason why she ate the cake was because her mum said it was fine for her to eat as it was chocolate, not hazelnut and she loves chocolate. If her mum wouldn't tell her that she wouldn't of touched the cake as she liked the cupcakes more.

Edit 3: just a small thing. Due to how busy the bakery was and many other horror stories I've heard, the Nutella cake alongside with cupcakes and other cake based sweets were ordered before the strawberry party invitation. In fact Kats strawberry cake and Emma's Nutella cake both came from the same bakery. I do not know when Kats mother ordered hers in, but assume a while back as well since the bakery is incredibly busy and popular   My boyfriend (M 20) and I (F 21) live together at my parents. I have been having some pretty bad UTI symptoms and went to a walk in clinic 2 weeks ago when I had clear signs of a uti and they sent me home and said I tested negative.
    I woke up a week later with extreme hip pain. I spent all day on a heating pad and crying. 2 more days pass and then I woke up with the worst abdominal pain I’ve ever had. I begin screaming and call my mom. 
      She says to wake up my boyfriend and tell him to take me to the nearby hospital (7 min) that is small, or one that’s 35 minutes away that would properly handle what was going on. I wake him up and he says just sleep it off. At this point I’m in tears. He says no and alludes that I’m overreacting (which I’ve been known to do) and it’s probably nothing because I tested neg. I feel as if I’ve been stabbed and this is not the type of pain I can wait out. I even compare how I’m feeling to a possible bladder rupture because of how awful I felt. 
      Finally he agrees to take me, but only if I let him sleep for 2 more hours. I understand that if it was some ungodly time, but it was currently 11:30 am , and he went to bed at 3 am after playing video games. I explain that I can’t wait that long and have no one else home to drive me. He turns over and lays back down. 
      An hour goes by of the worst pain of my life and I decide I will just try to suck it up and drive myself to the nearby ER. I woke him up one more time and I explained that I cannot wait any longer and need to go now because something is wrong. He snaps and says give him one more hour and lays back down. I storm off in my car and make it about 2 blocks before I realize I forgot my wallet and I was in no state to drive, as I was literally in so much pain I couldn’t focus.
    I come home and lay down in bed beside him as I scream out in pain. He says that I know it takes time for him to wake up and I have no right to get mad. I barely utter out please take me to the one 7 minutes away because I’m scared. I remind him that I’ve driven 2 hours at 3 am on no sleep just to pick him up from the hospital and spent the whole summer helping him recover from his injury including bathing and wiping him because he needed me. He argues some more then FINALLY at 2:30 pm takes me to the hospital 7 minutes away. It turns out I had an advanced UTI and infection in my bladder and kidneys as well as a kidney stone that was infected. I felt bad as I recalled my attitude that morning but I was in a LOT of pain. I do recall saying things like “fine just don’t help then” and “you’re being a dick” in rebuttal to his attitude. Am I the asshole?

TLDR; boyfriend wouldn’t drive me to hospital until he got more sleepHey everyone!

I'm 38M. I'm a father of two daughters and I teach high schoolers here in CA. Since we started off the school year recently I've been noticing our female students have been having some "issues" and it's hard for them to have/find tampons/pads etc when they need it.

As a father myself, I understand that those are essentials for woman. So same thing what I do with my daughters. I bought a bunch of tampons/pads and placed it in a basket in our class so our female students can grab one at any time and it's convenient for them. the whole class loves it. Nobody says anything and overall it's helpful for our students.

Now my colleague teacher next-door who's name is Susan she's like 60F. She thinks it's inapropriate that I have that for my female students and she told me it's weird because I'm a male. I don't find it weird or anything. Cause there isn't anything weird about it? what's wrong with a period or so nothing. It's natural and it happens. To make it convenient for my students I made the basket and they love it and I also refill the basket on a constant basis.

EDIT: some kind redditors, are sending me messages asking my Venmo so I can buy more pads/tampons for the class. First off thank you so much. But I don't need the money! It's all good. I make a good living from teaching here in CA.  so buying pads/tampons isn't expensive for me. But I appreciate it :) I am currently on a business trip in another city. A few days ago, I dined in at a Thai restaurant near my hotel. I ordered a green curry, and asked for 5 star spiciness. My waitress laughed at me, and told me that I'm getting it 3 star. I corrected her, and told her that I in fact ordered it 5 star.

When she came back with my dish and I tasted it, it was not spicy *at all.* It wasn't even a 3 star. I sent the dish back, and it came back a few moments later with what appeared to be red chile flakes sprinkled on top. I asked her about it, and was sarcastically told that I ordered it spicy. I told her that it makes no sense to sprinkle red chile flakes on a *green curry* which is supposed to be made with *green chiles.* It honestly looked hideous, but I tried it anyway. It *still* wasn't spicy, so I sent it back.

When I got my dish the third time, it was exactly the same as the first one I got. So I sent it back again, only to have the red chile flakes sprinkled on top again. It was, like that other time, not spicy—so I sent it back for a fourth time.

When I got my dish for the fifth time, I was happy to see that there were no red chili flakes sprinkled on top. The waitress, in a very sarcastic tone, told me that they made it *extra spicy* just for me, told me that she was going to stand there and watch me eat it, and took away my water glass. I tried it, and it was *not* extra spicy. But it was just barely acceptable, so I didn't send it back. I told her so, and she walked away looking completely bewildered as I finished my bland meal.

The next day, I was still upset about it. So that night, I decided to order the same dish from the same restaurant to my hotel room—but under a Thai name just to see if they make it any differently. Sure enough, the food was very spicy just as I ordered. It was far better than the "extra spicy" dish I had at the restaurant.

I sent the manager an email detailing my experience at the restaurant, along with the waitress's rude behaivior. I told them about the difference between my meal from that day and my delivery order. The manager apologized, and told me that they will talk to the waitress in question. They also offered to refund both of my meals, but I declined because I will be reimbursed by my company and do not plan on eating there again.Kyle (22M) is a distant relative. Well he’s actually my (19F) stepdad’s cousin’s kid. I’ve never really been around him much though. Just the odd family get together.

We hadn’t seen each other for awhile but we did at a wedding a few months ago. He got drunk and kept hitting on me saying how hot I was and how he’d love to get to know me better. I rolled my eyes and kept trying to get away from him but he kept following me about throughout the day.

Later on he kept someone gave him my number and he kept on messaging me. I complained to my stepdad who shrugged it off. Some people even thought it was cute or funny which just encouraged him to act more outrageous. A few days later he started sexting me and nudes. What’s worse was people who were at the wedding would tease me like it was some grand joke. About a month or two later I finally had enough I sent everyone who had mocked me and then some got nudes of Kyle. Family making fun of me and Kyle in the group chat – Kyle Nude. Aunt who thought we would make a cute couple – Kyle Nude. His parents who had raised him to be this crappy person – Kyle Nude plus lewd texts. My stepdad even received a printed picture on his pillow. Amazing how many people I could find via group chats and various social media and others that I had phone numbers for.

I’ve had a few family members telling me off telling me how gross it was sending them nudes of Kyle and how I invaded his privacy although the younger generation of cousins has taken to posting memes about him such as “when there’s a family reunion and you can’t decide which of your cousins to bang” or edited versions of his pictures such as a small leaf covering his bits.

**Edited**: Tried to block him but he keeps creating fake accounts and contacting me on different areas of social media. I've already told him off for hitting on me only to receive a nude of him saying "bet if you had a taste you would like it". I was just fed up with the mocking, the messages from people making fun of me and him and him hitting me down. It was tiring. I began to dread the phone message sounds to the point where I turned the phone off and went walking around for the day without it. I know it's a extreme to send nudes to everyone but it shut them up about how we should go out and how I should give Kyle a chance.

**Edited2**: Yes Kyle has stopped sending me nudes. My cousins found out about it and started making fun of him. His stepbrother changed his ring tone to "sweet home Alabama" and his morning alarm to it and keeps saying "what are you doing stepbro" just to annoy him. Kyle did have a rant on my voice mail saying that I had ruined him and how much of a bitch I was.

**Edited3**: Revenge porn isn't a thing where I live.

**Edited4**: Thank you for all the awards. I do not receive notifications when I get them so cannot say privately.

**Edited5**: I am not impressed some losers decided to post this on YouTube and other sites. I guess some people have nothing better to do.Throwaway created for this post. 

So the title pretty much explains it. My fiancé (28m) and I (29f) are getting married in March. My fiancé has been vegan for 8 years now and I am vegetarian but as my fiancé is the cook in our house I mostly eat vegan.

We want to have a completely vegan wedding, it makes no sense that on the day of his wedding my fiancé wouldn’t be able to eat or drink half of the stuff there. We have planned it with a caterer and are really happy with our sections, honestly the dishes we have picked you wouldn’t even notice were vegan, like bruschetta for starters. We are also doing a bbq in the evening and intend to use beyond burgers as we both love them and thing they have the most meat like texture and taste. 

Both of our parents and siblings are obviously fine with it, a couple are vegetarian themselves and they all eat veggie or vegan a couple of times a week. 

We sent out invites and left a space asking for any dietary requirements, for thing like nut allergies. However lots of people have put ‘meat’ or ‘meat eater’ in the space. we were talking to some relatives last week at a family get together (all vaccinated and allowed in our country) and when we confirmed we weren’t serving any animal products they started giving us grief for ‘forcing’ them to be vegan and that we were assholes for not accommodating to their diets. 

It’s 2 meals out of their lives, we aren’t forcing anyone to change their diet and neither me or my fiancé want to have food at our wedding which we don’t eat, we don’t want to have to think about checking an ingredients list, we just want to enjoy ourselves. 

We are also paying for everything ourselves. So Reddit, are we TA here?

Edit: as it keeps coming up, our food choices for our main meal is bruschetta, Mediterranean style paella and coconut cheesecake for desert, we wanted the food to feel like food you would order in a restaurant. The bbq of for in the evening and whilst the main food will be the beyond burgers there will be other things available like veggie patty’s, skewers and sausages. We are getting married late lunch/early afternoon, have the meal in the mid to late afternoon then do another round of food later in the evening during the reception.

Edit 2: wow this blew up way more than I thought it would! Thank you or all of your replies! Aside from a few who seem to really just hate vegans most people told us to stick to what we are doing so we will. 

Also spelling.

Edit 3: I’m working my way through the comments and some people really aren’t reading above properly. We asked for dietary requirements, an example of is nut allergies, we didn’t just ask about nut allergies! Of course if someone has an allergy we are making them something different, that’s why we asked! My cousin is coeliac so he’s having a separate meal made in a separate room to avoid any cross contamination.About 3 years ago, my sister and her husband lost their three young children in a really bad car accident. My sister barely survived but pulled through. They had two daughters who were 8 and 6 and a 3 year old son. I won’t go into specifics surrounding the accident or their deaths because it’s quite frankly horrific. 

My sister and I are 10 months apart and have always been extremely close. At the time of my nieces and nephews deaths, I was living alone in a 3 bedroom home and offered for them to live with me. They were both, understandably, too unable to function to go back to work and we all needed each other. I didn’t want them to have to worry about money or losing their home after what had happened. 

I’ve supported them emotionally and financially pretty much ever since it happened. They both refuse to go to therapy, and still both aren’t working. I have a good job, but it’s not an easily manageable thing, and I really didn’t expect it to go on so long. 

About a year and a half ago, I met my current fiancé. We clicked immediately and got engaged six months later. We’re due to get married next October. I’ve been trying to drop hints to my sister about wanting my house back to myself to live in with my fiancé but she’s not picked up on it. My fiancé has grown increasingly frustrated with me, saying I’m very obviously being taken advantage of. 

Last weekend, I straight up told my sister I needed to talk to her, and told her that I wanted my house back and to live with my partner alone before getting married and starting to have children. She got upset and went running to our mom, who called me an asshole for not considering how my sister would feel about that. It hasn’t been mentioned since, but both my sister and BIL are hardly talking to me. AITA?

UPDATE - Thank you all for the comments and messages I’ve received over the last day, they’ve really been appreciated. I had a talk with my sister last night and it began the usual way, with her avoiding the situation. I told her if she left and wasn’t able to have an adult conversation I’d be forced to either take legal action or sell the house, both empty threats but it worked. She broke down, told me she knew she needed help but didn’t want to accept it and that she’d be willing to go even if her husband doesn’t. I haven’t talked to her much about leaving but her admitting she needs help is a huge step so I’m not going to push for more just yet. Thank you for all your help :)Back in February I (17f) asked my dad if we could take a weekend trip for Halloween to this haunted house event the two of us have talked about going to before. He said he wasn't sure he could afford it but if I saved enough money we could go (he was going to cover some of it too). I actually saved up the money by early September and told him as much. He then brought up the subject about how cool it would be to include his stepdaughter (14) and it would be a nice bonding trip for all three of us. He asked me how I felt about that and I told him I didn't want to include her, I wanted it to be just the two of us. He asked why and I told him we never do stuff just the two of us anymore and I want that time with him. He said I get plenty of time with his wife. I said she's not him. That I wanted more time for him and me, not everyone together, not me and his wife or me and his stepdaughter. He told me okay it could be just us. Then his wife blabbed because he didn't tell her I had said no. Then his stepdaughter wanted to go and he told me he couldn't say no to her after that.

So I told him to forget it. I bought myself some stuff with the money I had saved. This upset my dad and his wife and his stepdaughter. My dad and his wife told me I responded like a child instead of an almost adult. His stepdaughter said I was so mean, why would I do that, she was looking forward to spending the weekend with us at the haunted house. I told my dad I saved it for the two of us to go alone. But he has made it clear he doesn't want that time with just me anymore and since that's how he feels I am sick and tired of time with his family. That he shouldn't worry because I will be gone soon and he can spend all the time he wants to with them and the childish and mean one won't be living here in a few months.

He asked why I couldn't just wait and do something else with him. Why spend the money. Why break the plans like that. It's not the first time I have tried to do something with him and he automatically involved everyone or just his stepdaughter in it. And I even told him I missed hanging out just him and me. It doesn't do shit.

I know his wife is upset because her daughter is hurt because she knows how badly I didn't want her there and she's also not going now.

AITA here?[removed]My (31f) fiancé (31m) and I are in the process of selling our respective flats in order to purchase a house together. We’ve been together a long time but always worked in different cities so it made sense to keep our separate places, but he has now got a job in my city so we are buying a place together. His flat sold very quickly, I’m still in the process of selling mine.

So I put my flat on the market and luckily it’s had a fair amount of interest. Pretty early on an investor buyer, so someone who already owns multiple properties and intended to buy the flat to rent out for profit, submitted an offer 10k less than it’s worth, probably hoping to capitalise on someone so desperate to move that they’d sell it for cheap. Obviously I rejected this offer, and a couple of weeks later a lovely father and his disabled son who were looking for an accessable ground floor flat like mine to move in to help his son gain more independence, viewed the property multiple times and then put in an offer of exactly what I wanted for it. I only met them briefly but they seemed like nice people. As I don’t agree with landlords on principle, I was thrilled to be able to sell the flat I loved so much to people that deserved it. They made an offer on Friday so I was waiting until Monday to formally accept it, when over the weekend the investor buyer that had low balled me previously, came out of the woodwork and offered me 2 1/2 grand more than the man and his son. 

So here’s where my fiancé and I disagree. He thinks I should just take the highest offer, as I don’t owe anything to the father and son, so why would I turn down more money? He also believes that because we’re going to be buying a property together, he should have some say on how much money I end up with to put towards it. Thing is, we were never intending to use all the money we made from selling our flats on the next property anyway, some was always going to go back into savings, and I said I was happy to take the loss on my savings rather than his.

I can see where he’s coming from but i just really don’t want to see my lovely little flat go to sone greedy investor to make an easy buck on. I don’t see it as losing money because I never expected to get more for it than I advertised it for. I just want to do the right thing morally and I want this guy and his son to have a win rather than just lining the pockets of another landlord. I guess my fiancé wants the best for us and me denying that could make me the asshole but I think it should be my decision. AITA?I know the title sounds bad but please read the post. 

I(17f) was out this afternoon playing soccer with some of my friends. It's at a park and there's usually other people there but today it was just us. 

About 20 minutes in a lady comes and she has an old looking dog(grey face, walked like an old dog). My friends and I ignored them. 

At some point they were maybe 10 feet from the edge of the soccer field and I was passing to a friend, but significantly overshot it(left foot), and it ended up hitting the dog. 

Neither the owner nor the dog was paying attention and it hit the dogs back legs and swept them out from under her, and it appeared that she had some injury to her hip or hind leg. 

I immediately apologized and asked if she wanted help getting the dog into her car or if she wanted me to call an emergency vet so they would know she was coming. 

She said no, but asked for my phone number so she could contact me about vet bills. I was a little taken aback and surprised and she said I should pay them because I kicked the ball. 

I refused, because I'm not giving my number to a stranger and she shouldn't bring an old dog so close to a field where things are being kicked around. 

She got upset and huffed off, and later my friend texted me "you probably shoulda given her your number, it was your fault..."

I probably can afford to pay them but I'm a senior in high school and have a part time minimum wage job, and am saving. 

AITA for refusing to pay the bills? I (F37) and my husband (M42) attended my friend Becky's (F36) annual barbeque last weekend. Becky and I have been close friends since college. I met my husband shortly after graduating and while him and Becky have never been very close, such as hanging out without me, they have always been friendly toward one another and we've all hung out together on numerous occasions. Becky recently lost her husband due to a medical issue and we've all been devastated. 

This year Becky texted me the day before her event and told me that she was making this years occasion a child-free one and that meant I couldn't bring my three year old and that she understood if I couldn't make it. I bit my tongue in an effort to be respectful and thanked her for letting me know and told her I indeed wouldn't be able to make it. She responded by saying she was looking forward to seeing my husband at dinner though. I saw no issue with this and sent her a thumbs up.

The next morning was the day of Becky's event and my MIL luckily agreed to babysit our toddler. We thanked MIL and headed over to Becky's with food, gifts, and no children in toe.

As we walked in Becky greeted my husband with a hug and an excited hellooooooo and then me with a sort of surprised look on her face. She didn't say much to me and went into her living room with everybody else. I  went to put down the food on the counter while she introduced everybody to my husband and referred to him as "dear"  (my husband told me this later on in the evening).  I walked into the room and she gave me no mind since she was deep in a conversation with a friend of hers.

Some time into the party, Becky and my husband were both standing at the patio door and she had her arm around his waist. He spotted and looked at me with a "help me" glare so I made my way over thinking she had one too many. I gave him a kiss as he separated from her grasp. Becky looked at the both of us and then back at the others at the party with a shocked expression and then ran back into the house crying. She ran into the bedroom and locked the room and screamed at me to leave through the door. I tried asking her what had upset her and why she wanted us to leave numerous times. She refused to answer me and just kept crying. So, we left and on the way out received some pretty dirty looks from the other party-goers.

Later, I received texts from several mutual friends who scolded me for PDA and how Becky was so upset that I had made her party look "tacky" and that I was rubbing it in her face that she was a widow. I was so shocked and hurt to hear this and mentioned that every other couple at the event was also being relatively affectionate and that despite my husband and I not being ones to commit PDA in public, I had given him a side hug and a peck kiss, and that was all. Anyways, I am at a loss at what I should do. I feel like I hurt a close friend but I'm not sure how and what I can do to fix it. Reddit help! AITA???My sister Jane has two kids 10 and 8. the 8 year old is autistic and not always the easiest. He tends to only speak and cooperate with people he knows well. My daughter  Kate (17) is one of those people that he cooperates very well with. My sister is a nurse and due to the pandemic she's been getting huge shift bonuses to pick up shifts. Her hospital is so short staffed they are offering $700 per extra shift to pick up. This weekend she was offered up an even higher $1000 bonus to work. My BIL is working out of town currently so he couldn't watch their kids.

My sister asked my daughter if she could watch her kids today and after hearing about the bonuses Kate said only if she'll pay her $500/ so half the shift bonus for her to give up her Saturday. Jane freaked out and told her that's ridiculous and then called me to tell her what Kate demanded to babysit. I agreed its a lot but also feel like its not my call. I can't force her to babysit nor would I. I did remind Kate that she pays taxes on that bonus so $500 is more than half effectively. She then said she'd go down to $400 but that's her bare minimum. Jane was offended still and ended up not taking the shift as she didn't find it worth it at that point. Now she's going off on me saying that as her dad I could either Make her do it or "raise her better" so she'd volunteer to. I feel like Im just letting her do her own thing but Jane sees it otherwiseI (26F) have been in a relationship with my BF (28M) for a year, he is an 'artist' that is to say he feels like Picasso while venting his frustrations from a full-time job at a bank (Accountant) in a canvas while I am a Biomedical Engineer.

As such I have a toolbox in the house that I bought for household repairs and the like while another bigger toolbox sits in my room (we don't live together) filled with my very expensive and specialized tools I use for work, specifically I work at a hospital installing, maintaining and repairing the big machinery used in diagnostics, I must remark that this tools cannot be just bought at a hardware store as a lot of them are machine specific or brand-specific and that I must use them to maintain the insurance and guarantee of these machines.

It has never bothered me that he uses common house things to add to his canvas as he has never taken anything that wasn't already on its way to the bin or donation. But one day I got back from work and he is in the house, in my back yard flinging paint at a canvas with some weird shapes stuck to it. At first, I didn't know what he had pasted on there until I saw my toolbox dumped by his feet and a lot of the tools just strewn all around, the tipping point came when I saw my Oscilloscope broken apart and glued to the monstrosity in the yard, that thing alone cost me 750 dlls, let alone the rest of my ruined tools.

I . saw. red. I don't even remember what I said to him only that he ran away and was actually crying, full-on bawling.

I had no time nor the patience to deal with that, so I took inventory of what he ruined and talked to my boss to see what I could do. Non-electric or simple tools like special screwdrivers (how he ruined a screwdriver I have no idea), clamps, measuring tools the hospital will replace at no cost but the other ones like the Oscilloscope and a few other electric tools I had to replace myself. I looked for the exact tools I had before and it came up to 1876 dlls to replace everything. Checked with a family member who is a lawyer, bought all the replacements, and sent the bill to my BF. 

Well, his mom called me screaming. Saying how could I do this to her baby and how he doesn't have the money to pay for it (I know for a fact he does) I told her that if he doesn't pay the provider will sue him and so will I, and then just hanged up.

Not 10 minutes later he called, he was crying and screaming so I just left the phone next to me and continued to work, when I didn't hear the ruckus from the phone I picked it up again (being noisy in the action so he realizes I didn't listen to a word he said) and asked if he was done throwing a tantrum, he hanged up.

I felt justified at the moment but I was telling this to a coworker and he said I was too harsh, but I did what I had to do to continue my work, if he wanted to paint tools there was another toolbox with cheaper stuff in the kitchen, he knows MY toolbox is more expensive so WHY?! I don't understand.

So reddit, AITA?I have worked at my current job for almost 3  years.  It's a smaller company with less than 100 employees scattered across a handful of regional offices.  Because I work with people in different offices quite a bit, a lot of my communication is via email.  There is one person in particular who I work with who has a habit of signing off on emails with "God Bless You."  He will also find ways to put bible quotes and scripture into his emails that I find rather inappropriate for work.

I have never been a religious person, but I was raised by Muslim parents and have nothing against it and believe that people should have every right to practice their religion as they see fit.  But, I also believe that religion shouldn't be forced down anyone's throat, especially in the workspace.  After about 6-months at my job, I brought it up to my boss about my coworkers email habit.  He said he's aware of it and doesn't agree with it either, but it's a different office and the manager of that office thinks it's ok and I should just try to ignore it.

So, that's what I did.  I bit my tongue and tried to ignore it.  For almost 2 more years I ignored it.  Until one day this particular coworker added some scripture to an email he sent me after I told him I was having a rough day.  I understand he was just trying to be helpful in his own way, but it just rubbed me the wrong way and I didn't have the patience for it anymore.

So I wrote him an email and copied my boss and his office manager on it, explaining that while I appreciate the sentiment, I would prefer if he refrained from including any religious material in any and all future correspondence.  It was a very professional email, succinct and to the point, but also very clear on what I was trying to communicate.  I then signed off on the email with "As-Salaam-Alaikum." 

Not even 10-minutes later I was called into my boss's office.  He asked me what the hell I was doing mocking someone else's religion like that.  I told him I wasn't mocking anything, I was simply conveying to a coworker, in writing, that I would prefer to keep religion out of our future correspondence.  

He said that it sure as hell seemed like I was mocking my coworker's Christianity by using a Muslim saying in the email.  I asked him if he even knew what that phrase meant and he said he didn't.  So I told him it means, "Peace be unto you."  I told him if he thinks its ok for someone to say God Bless You in every email, it should be ok for me to say As-Salaam-Alaikum as well.  He told me to leave his office and get back to work.

A couple days later there was a company-wide email put out by the CEO outlining new email policies regarding religion, politics, and other personal views.  It very clearly laid out that none of that kind of personal viewpoints should be included in any company email, no exceptions.  Shortly after that email was sent out, my Christian coworker sent me a text to my personal phone that simply said "I hope you're happy, asshole."[removed][removed]My parents had me (16M) kinda young and just last year they decided to have another baby. My brother Leo is 2 months old. I love him but he cries nonstop every night. My dad and his friends are doing some renovations to the bedroom downstairs which was supposed to be Leo’s room but some stuff came up and it delayed now. They told me for a little while Leo is gonna be in my room because my dad needs to get up early for work and he can’t sleep if my brother is in their room. It’s been annoying af. Leo cries, it takes my mom time to get to my room then she turns on the lamp in my room and it takes like a half hour sometimes for her to get him back to sleep. I really hate it. I’ve kept talking to them about when his room gonna be ready. My parents say it gonna be a while but they still say no he can’t be in the room with them. Monday night I got real annoyed because my mom was knocked out so I had to get up and change his diaper at like 3 in the morning. When it was night time I moved his crib to their room and told them that m I’m tired of hearing him cry all the time in my room. My mom started telling me stuff then my dad did too when he got home. But I locked my door from inside. They gave up and said fine if that’s what I want and they kept my brother in their room. My dad was pissed the next day when he got home cause I’m sure Leo woke him up whenever my mom needed to do something. Actually they both look really mad at me then my mom told me I acted real unfair to them and we’re a family who handles stuff together so she don’t think it’s right I’m not tryna help them a little here with my brother. So yeah she do think I’m an ass for that since Leo being in my room means my dad does have to take up everytime my mom needs to feed him or whatever and he the one who also provides for us. AITA?Using a throwaway because I have family who read this sub.

I (32F) had a baby eight weeks ago and since then my MIL has had a habit of popping by without calling first. I have anxiety at the best of times but it's a bit worse right now and when she comes over (particularly when my husband is at work and not there to mediate) I find her constant stream of advice and thinly-veiled criticism (example: looking intently at the floor while saying, "You must not have a vacuum cleaner. I'll bring one next time I'm over") to be just too much to handle. Both my husband and I have asked that she call before coming over but she brushes it off, saying that family shouldn't have to call. 

Last week I was having a rough day and was tired as the baby had been up in the night more than usual. I looked out the bedroom window to see my MIL walking through the front gate and I honestly wanted to cry. I'm not proud of it, but I sat on the floor of the bedroom ignoring the doorbell until she went away. I felt really bad after, because she doesn't drive and I knew it would have taken her a 20-minute bus ride to get to our house, just to have to turn around and go back. 

Apparently she called my husband at work to let him know that she'd tried to visit me, because he  called home to see if everything was okay and I told him she must have come while I was out with the baby for a walk, because I didn't want to admit that I had hidden from his mother. 

That evening when he got home he noticed that the baby's stroller was in the corner with the diaper bag in it, as he'd left it the previous day, so he figured out I hadn't taken the baby for a walk after all. I admitted that I hadn't answered the door for his mom even though I was home and he said that he knows she can be difficult, but that it was still an AH move to make her spend 40 minutes on transit to not even see me or her grandchild. He brought it up a couple of times over the holidays (just to me - he didn't tell her) and now I feel like maybe I did something really awful.

Edit: I know this isn't an advice sub, but regardless the comments and messages I have received have been lovely and have really helped a lot. So thank you, so much.So I have a cat named Raven who's 3 years old.

My girlfriend of 2 years moved in with me a few weeks ago and it was clear she didn't like my cat.

I didn't think it was really a big deal until one day I got home and he was just gone. He's not an outdoor cat and he never goes outside. 

He was gone for hours and I was worried sick until my buddy came to my house and returned him, saying he found him 2 blocks from my house.

I asked my girlfriend how my cat, who has never tried to go out before ended up that far from my house and she admitted to kicking him out.

I was furious, saying she had no right to kick him out and told her that since she thought she had the power to kick my cat out, I wanted her out of my house by the end of the month.

She cried that she had nowhere to go and that she would have to live on the streets. I said I didn't care and told her to leave by the end of the month.

My friends think I'm being too harsh, but my cat could have died because of her and I don't want her trying anything else.

AITA?I and my ex divorced 5 months ago because she came out as lesbian. I didn't want the baby when she came out to me because I felt it would be awkward for us to coparent and I didn't want any contact with her. However, she wanted to keep the baby so I accepted her decision and didn't talk about it anymore. 

A few weeks ago, the baby was premature by nearly 2 months and turned out to be still born. I was in a business meeting so I texted her saying I was sorry for her loss and had flowers sent to her. Her gf and family have been calling and texting me since them saying that I'm a heartless jerk for not going to meet her at the hospital after such a traumatic experience. 

My ex called me and said that I must be really happy that I got what I originally wanted. 

To be honest, although I feel sorry for her loss, I am relieved that we don't have to stay in contact with each other anymore and I can move on from her. 

AITA?

Edit: 
I had originally wanted the child but when I found out that she cheated on me, I didn't look forward to coparenting with her. I felt it would be better for the baby to be aborted rather than to suffer from our bad relationship. 

That doesn't mean I would've hated the baby upon it's birth. I'd have loved it regardless. Just that it would be difficult to coparent with a person who's bad at communication. 

In short, I didn't not want the baby. I just didn't want a baby with a person who might not be a good coparent. I do love babies. I always wanted a baby with the person I love. 

To all those saying that I'm relieved about a baby's death.....I'm NOT relieved that the baby died, I'm relieved that I no longer will be forced to be cordial with my ex.[deleted]UPDATE

Hey guys it’s been a while. Sorry for taking so long to update, I got logged out of this account and couldn’t get in haha. Anyway there isn’t really much to tell you all. I am still going on a trip with my roommate, we actually got few more people to come so it’s more like a group thing now ( none of my old friends haha). 

Considering my old friend group I did see some of them few times and cleared some things up. My ex was actually the first one to apologise to me we talked a lot about everything and he is actually separating himself from the group as well for a bit ( not just because of this) and we are on good terms now again.

Two other friends came as well and apologised they said that they believed it was ridiculous to bring Amy since the beginning but ofc didn’t say anything for the sake of peace. I get it and honestly I’m not mad at them anymore, at least they are sorry. And for the rest we are not talking anymore so I guess that’s it’s.

Thank you for all of your rewards and upvotes, but more importantly for your advice, couldn’t have done it without you guys, all the love❤️










This is a throwaway because two of the said friends follow me on Reddit, hope they don’t see this.

Anyway so my friends and I have been traveling for every new year since we were 16, we are in our early twenties now. It’s a friend group of 6 people, 3 girls, 3 guys, and naturally we all dated someone from the group at some point in high school.

The guy I used to date and me broke up in 2020 but stayed friends. He found a new girlfriend few months after that, lets call her Amy, but I was okay with it and we all continued to hang out.

Now new year(2021) is coming up  and we start to plan our trip, we were supposed to go to Greece. Usually I’m the one talking to the agencies and trying to save as much money as we can. Everything is fine and going well until about a month before the trip my (ex) best friend comes over and tells me that Amy is uncomfortable with me going on a trip because everyone is coupled up and I was single and given my history with her boyfriend  she felt awkward.

I felt sorry because I never got the feeling that she didn’t like me or anything, soo I asked if that means that she’s not coming or what? Turns out that she still wanted to come just didn’t want me there. I was kinda hurt by this but even more when the rest of my friends agreed that maybe it would be better if I didn’t come so there would be no drama on the trip.

Anyways I didn’t go, kinda stayed away from Amy and my ex since then, and stoped hanging out as much with all of them. Not long ago Amy and ex broke up, idk why. And now this years trip is coming up. I already have plans with my roommate and we are going to Amsterdam. When my friends learned about this they just assumed they are coming with us as well.

I told them that roommate and I are going alone and if they want to go they can plan it for themselves but that this is not a group trip. It’s petty I know but feels right to do to them what they did to me. Anyways they called me some names and we had a fight. And I’m starting to wonder if maybe I am in the wrong? I mean I’m ending years long friendships over some stupid trip, so am I TA?

Edit: Wow guys this really blew up and it’s a bit overwhelming having thousand of people giving you advice. Thank you for your rewards it’s very kind but as far as I know they do cost money so please don’t waste it on me haha anyway it’s 1:45 am and I need to sleep on all of this I’m grabbing coffee with some of my “friends” tomorrow before classes so I’ll let you know how it goes.[removed]I (F25, Asian) have been with my fiance (M27, White) for over a year now. His mom has been overbearing since day one, for example the first time I met her she asked me if I am “pleasing her son enough sexually” and wanted to know how many times/week I am making him finish. She also always calls him sexy and asks him to touch his arms or abs (which he doesn’t think is weird) but that’s a story for a different day. i just want readers to understand the kinds of things she says out loud. She has lately (the past two months) been more hostile toward me whenever we are around her saying that I am “getting in the way of her relationship with her son” and that I need to “let him be alone with her more.” My fiance tells her that he wants to spend time with me when he’s not working so she can either see both of us or neither of us. This last time we saw her, we were eating dinner at her house with her new husband and my fiances brothers when out of nowhere she said “I hope your children look only like their dad.” This was out of nowhere but that’s how she always is. I said, “well we aren’t going to be having kids anytime soon so you don’t need to worry about that” to which she replied “well I don’t want biracial grandkids because they’re always so ugly when features are mixed together like that.” Everyone got quiet and I didn’t even know what to say. Eventually she got up and offered everyone dessert. Soon after we left and in the car I expressed to my fiance that I was hurt by what she said and the fact that he didn’t stand up for me. He said he didn’t want to hurt her feelings and that she didn’t mean it to be hurtful. I told him that if we do have children that she will never be able to see them or be around them because I don’t want our future kids to be around someone like that. He’s mad at me now and keeps telling me that I need to see things from her perspective and that it’s unfair that I would put him in a position like that by not letting her see our kids one day. I told him that it doesn’t really matter right now but that I will not budge on this when the time comes.[removed]I (42M) and my wife (38F) have a daughter (14) who is friends with the son (13) of an acquaintance of mine. Because my daughter and her friend are different genders, my wife insists on always supervising their playdates. Our daughter can't go to his house; he has to come here. She always watches the kids when they're together and doesn't let our daughter close the door when they're in her room.

TBH, I always thought my wife was being fairly reasonable until this incident. Kids are kids, and they're nearing the complicated age. So I always backed my wife up, even when my daughter begged to be allowed to her friend's house.

Recently, my wife was watching the kids while I was at work and realized she needed some things from the store. She made the children go with her so they wouldn't be alone. Apparently (I'm obviously getting all of this info second hand) the kids wondered off while she was shopping. While they were alone, an employee approached my daughter's friend and accused him of stealing something.

My daughter's friend turned out his jacket pockets, and there was nothing in there but his phone and keys. The employee demanded my daughter's friend remove his jacket, because she thought something was hidden under the jacket. My daughter's friend refused and said he didn't steal anything. My daughter called for my wife, and she showed up pretty quickly.

My wife sided with the employee and asked my daughter's friend to remove the jacket. When he did, the employee saw the necklace he was wearing and demanded he take it off so she could inspect it to see if it was merchandise from the store. I've seen him wearing this necklace before, for the record. At this point, he ran out of the store into the cold, not wearing a jacket, and called his grandfather to come pick him up.

I was at work when my acquaintance called me, furious. He said his son was half frozen when his dad got to him (which I believe, because it's very cold here right now) and that my wife profiled his son. He told me that his son won't be going over to my house ever again.

Edit: My daughter wants me to add this. She, unlike me, know how to use reddit properly and edit posts.

Her friend is mixed race. His father was Indian (like India, not Native American). A lot of people asked and I didn't know, so hopefully they see this.

Edit 2: My wife texted me that there was an emergency and I needed to call her, so I stepped out of the theater and did so. Guess what. No emergency. (No surprise either.)

She told me I had no right to separate her from her daughter on Christmas. I said it was her choice and confronted her about what my daughter said at breakfast, especially about the food thing. She started crying and said I had no idea what "that boy" put her through. I hung up. Fuck this. It's Christmas. I'm watching Home Alone with my daughter.

Edit 3: My daughter said this comment needs to be in the post itself. (Yeah, the paying attention to the movie didn't last. She's become really intrigued by all these comments and has been on my phone for the last 20 minutes.) I'm pasting it in. She showed me how.

So my daughter and I are at the movies right now. After breakfast she said she didn't want to go home, so we're going to go to the Christmas movie marathon at the local theater. She went to get snacks (I have her $30, so she should come back with a small tub of popcorn, damn these concession prices), so I'm going to tell you guys some of what happened at breakfast. It was a lot, so apologies if some stuff seems rushed over. Ask for clarification if you like. My wife is blowing up my phone right now, but I don't want to talk to her.

This wasn't the first time something like this happened, just the first time it happened in public.
Here's some of the things my daughter told me my wife did that they kept quiet about for fear of not being allowed to hang out anymore (I know. I'm a POS. I understand that now. I hate myself.)

My wife screamed at this kid for giving my daughter a gymnastics lesson. (He's on a gymnastics team. They weren't doing anything dangerous.) She made them stop and called him a pervert. (I know. I know.)

She screamed at them for playing with makeup. (It belonged to my daughter and was a gift from my sister. I don't think it was expensive stuff. Even if it was though, who cares?) She made him wash his face and go home. (He told his grandfather he had a stomach ache that day apparently.)

She told him he eats too much food at our house. (This is the worst one for me. I mad MAD when she told me that.)

So... Yeah. Learned some stuff about my wife. It's clear to me now that I haven't been an active member of my marriage in a long time. This was hard to learn. The hardest part was knowing that my daughter didn't trust me with any of this because she assumed I would side with her mom.

I let my daughter read this thread. She wanted to know what made me change my perspective, so I told her. She wanted to read the comments people made. I was hesitant because of the foul language, but... She's fourteen. She's not a baby, and I know she hears just as bad at school.
We got to talking about the lesbian comments. She asked me what I would think of that. I told her I wouldn't care. (I really wouldn't.) She said she might be bi but isn't sure. I cried a little bit, because I made her feel like she couldn't tell me that, and honestly? I'm even more ashamed of that than all the stuff with my wife, as twisted as that is.

My wife and daughter haven't been getting along for a while. A lot of it centers around this friend, but there's more to it. My wife and daughter view the world in fundamentally different ways.


Edit 4: I asked my daughter to stop reading the stuff on this post. Obviously now that she's seen it she can just go on Reddit on her own phone and find it again, but trust has to start somewhere, right? We gave up on the Christmas marathon. We're both too upset to sit still and watch a movie. I took her to my sister's and then went home to talk to my wife. I needed to get some things straightened out with her before I took my daughter home. It didn't go well.

My wife apologized when I got home. She was crying. She said the holidays were so stressful and that she had a bit of a breakdown. She begged me to go get our daughter and bring her home. I said I would once we talked. She kept sobbing, so I went and got her some water. I said we could talk or I could leave, but I wasn't going to get our daughter until we talked. Eventually she stopped crying and talked to me.

She fessed up to the gymnastics incident and said my daughter's friend touched her inner thigh. My daughter never mentioned this part. I asked my wife why she never told me this, but she didn't give me a straight answer.

The makeup incident she said was because she wanted our daughter to wear that makeup to a certain event and was mad she wasted it. Also that sharing makeup is like sharing soap and unsanitary. I didn't know this. Again, I don't feel this justifies her reaction. Also, my wife didn't buy the makeup, so I don't think she has a right to get mad about the "waste."

The food thing she said was misconstrued. She said he took a larger than necessary portion and didn't eat all of it. She told him to take a smaller initial portion next time. We had the same problem with our son when he was a teenager, so I believe this and am glad she wasn't trying to keep the poor kid from eating.

I told her I want to go to family therapy and she agreed. I'm sitting in the living room now calming down before I go back to my sister's to get my daughter. That was extremely emotionally draining. What a way to spend Christmas morning

Edit 5: My daughter refused to go home. I felt like forcing her would destroy our relationship for good, so we've just kind of been hanging out at my sister's. My sister left to get ready for her holiday plans, so we've just been talking. The reason I'm updating is because what she said freaked me out, so I need some advice before I say the wrong thing and alienate her for good. Because this is all uncharted for me. My wife has been calling constantly, but I've been ignoring her. I know it's wrong, but she'll react even worse than me, so I just can't talk to her right now.

I asked my daughter if she has feelings for her friend. She said she didn't know. She told me that their friendship is "more important than that." I legitimately do not understand what this means, so I just nodded. She said he's the "only one who understands" her. She also said that she loves learning gymnastics from him, that it makes her feel good, like her body is something beautiful instead of just a burden. I have no idea how to interpret that. She also said that, in addition to the makeup, they sometimes (I don't know how they managed this without my wife noticing, because she would have lost it) wear each other's clothes. She said she likes wearing boy clothes and likes seeing him in her dresses and skirts. Again, I just nodded and thanked her for telling me. I don't know what to say!! Help!!!I (f36) lost my 3 year old son from a chronic condition that he was born with. I struggled a lot with his illness and receieved a lot of support from my family when my ex husband was too busy with work than care for his son.

When my brother and his wife found out they were expecting (they suffered from a miscarriage after a miscarriage) and because of their financial situation I decided to lend them my son's nursery to use for their baby under the condition they give it back when they no longer need it. It's an expensive nursery and the process of shipping (I live in another country) took me time and money and of course not to mention it's sentimental value.


They were so grateful for my help and appreciated it a lot but my sister in law unfortunately lost her baby at 5 months in the pregnancy and I heard from my mother since my brother and sister in law went low contact with everyone to be able to grieve. I waited few months before asking for the nursery back since they no longer need it. I called and asked my brother to send it back despite how cruel I sounded but I just had to get it back but I was shocked after my brother said they sold it, all of it, every single piece. I asked why and he said his wife was depressed and he needed money to take her on a vacation a month ago. I lost my temper and started screaming at him on the phone reminding him that this belonged to my son and only for them to borrow not sell. He apologized and asked me to be understanding of his wife's position as a grieving mother myself. I said no THEY should have considered how selling my son's nursery would affect me as a grieving mother and he replied that he didn't think I was being fair to scream at him for wanting to help his wife through these hard times. I told him that is not my problem and that I will be suing them both over the nursery and for every penny he made out of selling it. He called me nuts and hung up then called my parents. They tried to get involved after I threatened to sue and called me callous and unhinged for threatening my brother and sister in law with court and told me to let it go I don't need the nursery and it's not worth causing permenant damage in my relationship with my brother over "few pieces of furniture". My ex husband blamed me saying it was my fault for giving the nursery to my brother but I just wanted to help. He keeps pushing for the idea to sue but my parents are telling me not to.

Am i the asshole for wanting to sue them for the nursery that cost us nearly over 4k?


Just to explain something : My ex husband gets a say because he paid for the nursery as well and he keeps pushing for me to sue and told me he'll do it if I choose to back down. He keeps saying it's my fault for letting my brother have the nursery in the first place and he's very upset with me about it.Before anyone thinks this is fake, let me assure you i wish this was. I am in shock.

I (26M) just recently went on a date with a (25-28?F) girl last Tuesday. We met at the gym. I've had a crush on her for a while and finally struck up a convo and asked her out. I booked us at a nice Korean restaurant that has Korean bbq stations. 

So we sit at the bar and have a pleasant chat  for a few minutes and then they tell us our table is ready.
Then we go to our table and its got a huge grill with a fire on it and she instantly asks what this is. (How does anyone not know what Korean bbq is?) But I brushed it off and explained to her and she was like "but why do we have to do all the work? Lol (yes she said lol unironically) isn't that *their* job?"  I explained to her thats whats fun about it but we could always order off of the a la carte menu if she didn't want bbq. But she said "just make them do it for us" and insisted on calling the waitress over and asking her to put the meat on the grill and demanded to be served after it was ready
. This elderly Korean lady had to shuffle between busy tables and come and flip the meat and serve our plates.

But wait. It gets worse.

So at this point I'm super embarrassed and seeing red flags like crazy (Im indian so I'm kinda used to the whole servant master attitude thing cause its big in india, but I'm not a fan of it,  and I thought it was super weird here in the states)
But I wanted to see the date to the end ( and yes shamelessly enough I was hoping for some 'adult' time.)

At the end of the meal, she asks for dessert. I agree and ask to see the menu. The waitress comes over and gives the menu and hands it to her. She then waits for her to leave and says "My god this place is a nightmare, all these useless immigrants (shes white) come into the country and don't even work and eat up our tax dollars. Are they even legal?" And she said it loudly enough that a nearby table of brown people in their 20s started giving her dirty looks and whispering to each other. She notices this and goes "same goes for these *insert racist word for people of pakistan*" .
At this point my jaw dropped. I'm INDIAN and she used this in front of me. She saw my expression and went "oh no I don't mean Latinos they're fine. I LOVE Mexican food."
So it seems that she thinks I was Latino (my birth country never really came up as I speak with an American accent) and she uses a racist word against my own countrymen in front of me.

So we get dessert, I get up to use the bathroom,  pay off the bill with a good tip and walk out the door. I left her there (I drove us) and went back and blocked her number. Now im even thinking of switching gyms but I'm just gonna go in the morning, I don't know what I will say if I ever meet her again.

AITA for ditching my date without transport at the restaurant?

Edit: Wow this blew up! Thanks for the support (and awards) guys. Let me  address some points:

1) It was funny to me she didn't know what Korean bbq was considering I knew it cause I've never seen it in my country and she lived here her whole life (the city has Korean restaurants since the 90s)

2) I couldn't be stuck in the car for 20 minutes with someone who thinks my people are trash. 

3)I wasn't going to sleep with her after i actually got to know her. I didn't know she was this bad until the end, initially I just thought she had a strong opinion on self service at restaurants.

4) I'm not going to tell you what the word was just Google it if you're interested.[removed]this happened yesterday - but I (28m) was at my local mall doing shopping, when I finished up I went out to my car. I parked in an above-ground parking building. when I got to my car, I noted there was a bunch of kid (i'd say 14-16, rough guess since I didn't bother asking) they were skateboarding, just doing what kids do really. then suddenly, I heard a blood-curdling scream and I look over and I see a kid on the ground holding his leg. so I walk over to see if everything was okay, to say the least, everything was not okay.

The kid broke his leg in a bad way - not sure how as I wasn't really paying them any attention. but was for sure broken. everyone was freaking out, and I said i'll call the ambulance - which just made the kid cry harder saying something along the lines like "my parents are going to kill me", his friends were saying I should just give him a ride to the hospital as it was only 3 blocks away. I thought for a moment and opted to still call for an ambulance.

I called the ambulance - they showed up like 5 minutes later, the whole time everyone was trying to convince me to just drive him, and I stayed firm of nope - not gonna happen, the ambulance is on the way.

after the kid was put into the ambulance, and I gave my statement to the police (police show up to calls with ambulances to make sure they have all the needed info), the kids were all still complaining that I could have just given him a ride to the hospital instead of making his parents "go into debt" - man I think they watch too much American TV because we're in Canada - no one goes into debt for an ambulance ride here - last time I had to get an ambulance to the hospital, It cost me like $50 (thank you Canadian health care)

anyways, later when I came home - I was telling my girlfriend about what went down. and she called me an asshole too, because "you should have just done the right thing, the kid was hurt and you have a car" and i said back "and ambulances are a thing, and i'm a total stanger to this kid and like what would've happened if the kid somehow got more hurt while in my car - not tryna catch a case"

wanted some outside perspective, AITA for not giving the kid a ride to the hospital?My family (my folks, my brother and his family, my sister and her family, me and my husband) had our first get together since the thing started on the weekend (we're all vaccinated now), during which I discovered my formerly adorably precocious kid of a nephew has hit his 'edgy teen' stage with gusto. He had an attitude all afternoon, which culminated in him asking me and my husband (gay couple) which of us was the 'woman'. I was pretty taken aback and just said 'neither of us, we're both men, that's the point', at which point he came up with some evo-psych BS about how male always seeks female and therefore even with two guys, one will always be the more feminine or something. The thing is, I *know* he knows better and his whole attitude was blatantly just trying to get a rise. I didn't feel like ruining a nice afternoon by giving it to him, so instead I decided to make a joke of it and told him seriously that no one had told us that and in that case we'd better figure it out asap huh. My husband grabbed a notepad, drew columns for each of us, and we started noting down our various 'feminine' and 'masculine' aspects, deliberately absurd stuff like I wear more pink but he cries easier, he's much better at sports but I've got him beat in survival skills, etc. At some point the other adults minus my folks drifted over to see what we were doing. My brother immediately wanted to join in, saying he'd never really been sure in their case either, so he abd his wife started their own list, and my sister and her husband (parents of nephew) followed suite. It was honestly pretty funny, we made up a points system and debated the gendering of breakfast foods. My nephew got more and more sulky (we kept asking for his verdicts) until finally he walked away in disgust and ended up hardly saying a word for the rest of the afternoon.

At the time I thought it was a harmless and amusing way of making a point about the stupidity of his argument without giving him the satisfaction of the 'you're too sensitive' rise he was obviously looking for, but earlier today from his brother (19 - he was not at the get-together) saying my nephew was really upset and accusing us of being a bunch of adults ganging up on a child, and of drawing his own parents into it. I honestly hadn't thought of it in that light, and now that I do, I must admit it's not a great look. I still think he's old enough to not be catered to when he acts like this though. AITA?My fiancé (27F) and I (30M) are getting married next year. I've pretty much let her run the show when it comes to the wedding and reception.  

Her last name is from her biological father who left when she was 2. Her mother remarried and she's said for years that she can't wait to get married to change it.  For 6 years I've heard about what a piece of garbage this guy is.  

I am the last male to carry my name. There are only 4 people with the name. So it's always been important to me to pass it on to my children.  

She wants to get married in a Catholic church. I'm not Catholic but it means a lot to her, so I'm in the process of converting. She wanted to be close to her mom and sister, so I left a job I loved, found a new job, and we moved 4 hours away from my family to be closer to them. Her sister is a recovering alcoholic, so we don't keep liquor in our apartment despite that I like to have a beer after work. I've made many changes to accommodate her. She's acknowledged it and I always respond that all I care about it passing my name on, and she responds with the number of days until our wedding.  

Shortly after we arrived, biodad contacted her out of the blue. He heard from relatives she was getting married and decided it was the perfect time to reconnect. All of the sudden, I now hear what a wonderful guy Paul is, how hard he's trying, and how wonderful it is that he's back. Often, I get home from work and she's gone, only to arrive home past midnight after being out with Paul and her half siblings. I hate that I don't see her as much, but I know how much it means to her to have a relationship with him. At the same time, after years of hearing her trash him, I'm not even allowed to think bad thoughts about him. She's planning on having him walk her down the aisle, which I don't think is appropriate, but it's her decision.  

This weekend was the bombshell. She told me that her father brought up the importance of their name, that she's decided to keep it. This stung very badly. I replied that it was her choice, I just wanted to pass my name down. She smiled uncomfortably and informed me that she wanted the first boy to carry her name because it would mean so much to daddy.  

I told her that is not happening. She suggested that we hyphenate as a compromise. I told her that there was no negotiation. That I had one thing that was important to me, I'd moved heaven and earth to give her what she needed in everything else but I wouldn't budge an inch on this.  

She told me I was being unreasonable. I responded that I've been in her life longer than he has and asked her who it was she was trying to start a life with, me or him? She started crying and accused me of being jealous of her relationship with her father. My parents and her Mom and stepdad agree with me and think she's allowing Paul to influence her, her sister thinks I was an ass for asking that question and refusing to compromise.[removed]On mobile, grammar and spelling is bad.

I (26F) am starting my uphill battle of trying to get my tubes tied. My PCP is on board with it, but let me know I’d have to go through gyn since the procedure is done by them. She put in my referral and today one of the nurses called to set up my appointment.

The nurse asked me if I was trying to set up an appointment to change out my IUD and asked if I was having problems. I told her I was actually trying to set up an appointment to talk about getting my tubes tied. I could hear her overt disapproval 
over the phone. She started telling me that they don’t like doing these procedures on people my age, I might meet a man and want to give him a baby, I don’t want to end up old and with no one to take care of me, etc…

She told me she believes I’d be a wonderful mother (NOT true at all) and that I’m just scared of actually being pregnant and not of being a mother. I got so annoyed I blurted out “I only need your help setting up an appointment. If I wanted your opinion on my body and future, I’d ask for it.”

My (male) friend was in the room and told me I had no reason to be so rude to the nurse and that she was just trying to help me think of this objectively. I honestly don’t think I was an AH, but I’m sure the nurse does and my friend thinks I was an AH.

So AITA?

ETA: I woke up and RIP my inbox lol. Thank you all for the suggestions and support. I have a lot of reading and research to do. I didn’t know i had so many options in the way of sterilization. 

I do plan on reporting this nurse, someone not as strong willed as me might get dissuaded or bullied out of it. I don’t like that shit. Another thing to mention - the nurses set appointments and schedule everything else. This gyn  (technically it’s a Women’s health clinic) office is specifically for patients with PTSD, cancer, high risk, severe womanly illnesses and gyn trauma. The idea is to only speak to medical professionals so you have consistent access to people who (supposedly) know what they are talking about. The nurses go on monthly rotation, so some are on the floor and others will be at reception.

My ex friend blew up our friendship in a nuclear way. Basically he was a closet neck beard.

My appointment is set up for later this month, if anything of interest happens I’ll update since some people asked.
I (32) met "Adam", 28 15 months ago. He lives in another town but visits twice a month. Whenever I mention him moving in with me or vice versa he'd say he has his reasons to think about it.

He adores my 3 yo son and says he's serious about me and wants me and my son to be his family.

The whole issue occured when I took a video of Adam helping my son try on his new shoes and wrapping his laces. I published the video on my instagram account and when he saw it he went crazy and started calling me none stop. I picked up the phone for him to tell me I messed up and should have never posted any videos or pictures of him without talking to him first and ended up deleting my entire instagram account since he has the password for it. I was shocked I lashed out telling him he should have never deleted my entire active account instead of giving me the chance to take the video down immediately. We had a fight and he told me I should not have lashed out and that can't blame him for trying to handle my breach of privacy and boundary crossing. He said this is all my fault and he never gave permission to the video although he knew I was recording him.


I hung up and was absolutely mad he deleted my instagram and now he says I should apologize on top of that.

AITA?I work a full time job. My wife wanted to be a SAHW. We don't have kids btw. 

Today she came to me and said that she wanted to discuss the chore split for when she becomes a stay at home partner. 

She said that I'd have to take the trash out everyday and do laundry. I said that side she'd be at home all day, she'd have to do all the cooking, laundry, cleaning, pay the bills, getting things fixed at home, taking the trash out etc. I'd essentially only have to pick up after myself and not mess up the house. 

She got mad and said that she's not a maid to which I replied saying that she'd wanted to stay home so that I could just focus on bringing an income and she would take care of the house. She said that she didn't want to spend her days doing all the housework. I said that is literally the job of a stay at home spouse. So she said I am being misogynistic. I replied that I'm not being misogynistic because I'd be doing all the housework too if I was going to be the stay at home spouse instead of her. I finally told her that if she didn't want to do the housework, she can go back to her old job. 

Now she's not talking to me. 

AITA?

Edit: I take the car to work. Everything is walkable distance from home so she usually doesn't need the car. 

I do all the cooking on weekends and cleaning is split in half on weekends.Over the last 20 years everyone is my close family has died. Both my parents are gone, my grandparents on both sides, all my dad's uncles, and anyone who is still alive are scattered out among the country. All I(20f) have left is my siblings and my BIL.

My friend (23f) comes from a different family. All the uncles, aunts, cousins, grandparents have monthly parties, stay in touch, have big celebrations, the works. All of them are still alive and active.

I think she knows I'm sensitive to the topic as I wish I had a big family, as she sometimes makes these comments like 'You know when you get married your guest list will be so small compared to mine...but hey at least it will be cheap!' At my mom's funeral there were still a lot of open chairs and she told me if this was a family member of hers all the seats would be full. (She is aware of my many, many deceased family members)

I took some pictures of me, my siblings, and my BIL cooking for Thanksgiving and us playing games at the dinner table and post them on social media. She text me privately saying we looked like we were having fun, followed by pics of her huge family, and remarked the dinner table was full of family. This is where I maybe the asshole, I replied, lovely! Have fun, we'd have a full table too but with the snow it's was too hard to dig everyone out of their graves.

She was silent for a few hours then replied that joke was morbid and made her uncomfortable, and I really need to check my attitude.

AITA?[removed]I'm (19M) and I was a late in life baby. My older brother (38M) was 19 when I was born. Our parents died in a car accident when i was about 6/7 and ever since then my older brother and his partner now my BIL got custody of me and raised me. They were the best dads I could ever have and they always did they're best to take care of me. 

Well for the last two months I've been dating this girl "Sara" (20 F). I really liked her alot and she's met my brother and BIL and everything was fine and she didn't seem homophobic, but she hasn't wanted me to meet her parents until recently.  Two weeks she told me that they were coming to visit her this week and that she finally wanted me to meet them.

She told me that she didn't want me to tell them that my brother had a husband who helped raise me because her parents wouldn't like that. I told her I wasn't gonna lie on my brother like that. She finally relented on it and told her parents herself.

The day of the visit yesterday  , We all went to a steakhouse for dinner and for the most part the evening was fine and he we had pk conversations until her parents got to talking about how I was raised. They started saying things like " how nice of a young man I was despite the short comings of my home life" or that "life couldn't have been easy living with my peverted brother and his "friend"  and that they were glad I didn't pick up any "bad habits". After they started in I just saw red and I slammed a 40 dollars on the table on  my meal and just walked out and left.  

Sara called me multiple times today telling me I shouldn't have reacted like that and I overreacted. That she told me her parents wouldn't like it. She was mad at me for leaving her there at the restaurant and  that   I was rude.  I asked my brother and BIL about it and they told me they loved me for it , but that it was rude and I probably could have handled it better than that. AITA?So I have a Degree in Fashion which some people think means I can be their personal seamstress, i'm used to this problem and I don't mind helping people out but I never work for free.

My pregnant friend recently reached out to me and asked me if I could make her, her wedding dress and sent me pictures of the idea she had in mind, it isn't exactly a *simple* dress but also not the most complex i've ever done either, I told her I could for sure do that for her and it'd cost £600, she was shocked at this and told me she thought i'd do it for free and she'd just pay for materials, I pointed out how many hours this would take me to do and all the hand embroidery needed, then I explained I was doing this for a quarter of the price i'd charge other people because she's my friend.

At this point she started to get very upset telling me I have no idea how much stress she's under with the wedding and the fact she's pregnant and how money is tight and how this should be my wedding gift to her and how great it'd look in my portfolio, I don't think i'm being unreasonable to want *some* money for this...but other friends are telling me it's horrible how i'm wanting to charge her for this and it's not like i'm a high end bridal shop...am I being unreasonable?I’m 5 months pregnant. For the bulk of my pregnancy, I have had issues with keeping food down, especially in the morning. My husband doesn’t understand this and accused me of starving myself and being on a fad diet. I tried to eat more to get him to stop multiple times but it always caused me to throw up. 

That, and the general state of our marriage, made me start to intentionally avoid having breakfast with him. I know his schedule so it was very easy for me to “oversleep” until he had left the house or gone into his home office for the day. 

He finally figured out I was faking it because this morning he was waiting in the kitchen for me when I woke up. My reaction wasn’t the best because I wasn’t expecting him to be home so he scared me but I demanded to know why he was still home and told him he had to leave. He wouldn’t and said he knew what game I was playing and we were going to have breakfast together today. We did end up having breakfast together (I tried to avoid it but he wouldn't budge) and in the end he told me that we would be talking to the doctor about my lack of appetite since I still ate less than a child and from now on there wouldn’t be anymore oversleeping. I plan to continue to “oversleep”, though.

AITA?Me and my sister Mia both suffer from fertility issues. I made peace with it long ago but Mia always wanted kids so she and her husband kept trying. From IVF to adoption, all of them resulted in a dead end. I recently found out that I was 2 months pregnant with twins. My partner Kyle and I were surprised but happy. 

I called up my sister and told her the news and said I was going to announce it to the family at a gathering at my house. I expected her to be angry (as she has been with other family members for getting pregnant) and told her it was okay if she couldn't come and felt it would be too much for her. Surprisingly she said she was okay and therapy had helped and agreed to come.  

So, three days ago I hosted a family gathering at our place and announced it via watching pictures on a projection screen, the last photo being my ultrasound. Immediately all family members looked at me and they understood. All of them congratulated me and Kyle including Mia and her husband. Mia kept really close to me throughout the gathering and asked to see the ultrasound multiple times which me and Kyle brushed off to her being happy for me 

That night Mia called me and said she had something important to say. She wanted to adopt one of the twins. I was appalled. I said I am not giving my twins up for adoption. She kept trying to encourage me to give in and said it would be the right thing to do since we were twins as well. I was getting pissed off and told her I couldn't even if I wanted to since all adoption agencies had rejected her application and deemed her unfit to raise a child. She started crying, called me a bitch and said I didn't deserve to be mother and wished the children not be born to a mother like me. I hung up at that.

Since then my mother and some paternal aunts who also suffer from the same fertility issues have been texting and messaging me, calling me inconsiderate and selfish. Kyle, my dad and maternal family are with me on this. My mother says since we didn't plan the baby it wouldn't hurt to give away one of the twins especially when she would still be in the family.

I have seen Mia breakdown during other relatives' pregnancy announcements and be hysterical. i genuinely thought she was okay with my pregnancy after her being in therapy but apparently not.

Still, I did say those things to her knowing it would hurt her. Some maternal aunts said it was probably a mood swing but I don't know, AITA? I've been going back and forth for days on whether or not I should post this, but I'll do just to get it out of my system. I've never been on reddit before, so fair warning if I mess something up. I'm using a throwaway account because I'm embarrassed having to ask this question to begin with, so I'm going to leave some things vague on purpose. The only things that I'll admit is that I'm Black (26f), my fiance is Caucasian (27m), and he works in the tech industry. I'll call him Dave.

So, Dave and I decided to spend our Christmas with his parents, his 3 brothers, and their spouses. Dave got a huge bonus this year and told me he "was going to go all out for me" this year to make up for the past Christmases where we couldn't really afford anything. He asked me what I wanted and I said I wanted a popular fuzzy bag that was making the rounds on social media.

We all opened gifts on Christmas Eve. One of my SILs got a fur coat, the other an air fryer she really wanted, etc. When it came to my turn, Dave handed me his phone. I looked and thought I was going to see a track package page for the bag. Instead, all I saw was an art picture of a monkey that was suppose to look like me.

I asked him what this was, and he said that was my gift! He then started explaining to me how he had gotten into investing earlier this year and had saved up to by it for me. He then showed his family who were just as flabbergasted as I was. I asked him how much money did he "invest" in this. He said 8k.

Everyone started laughing, which made Dave mad and made me even more embarrassed. One of his brothers even brought up the point about how it was poor in taste to give a monkey picture to your Black fiancee. Dave asked me if I was ever going to defend him and at this point I was so humiliated that I just got up and locked myself in the bathroom for a good cry. An hour later I called myself an Uber and booked myself a hotel until I could make it back home.

Dave called me and said I was the asshole for bring down the mood in his family's house and for being materialistic. I told him that all I wanted was a $200 bag and he spent 8k on a monkey picture! He told me that he was investing in our future together and that I just couldn't see his vision. I'll admit that there were better ways I could've gone about reacting to the gift, and I do feel guilty about totally running off like that without any warning, but I was completely uncomfortable with the situation and I didn't feel like staying around to be laughed at.

So, AITA here?

EDIT: For those of you who wanted an update, here it is. [https://www.reddit.com/user/Temporary-Snow989/comments/rz9gnc/update\_aita\_for\_my\_reaction\_to\_my\_fiance/](https://www.reddit.com/user/Temporary-Snow989/comments/rz9gnc/update_aita_for_my_reaction_to_my_fiance/)[removed]I (26M) was raised in a very conservative, religious family.  I grew up in a small, rural town and that was just kind of the way everyone lived.  It wasn't until I moved away to college that I really got exposed to different viewpoints, people, and lifestyles.

My fiance (24F) is the complete opposite.  She's always been a city girl and grew up in an environment where diversity and differences were commonplace and celebrated.  We got engaged about 6-months ago and are planning our wedding for next spring.

We've both spent plenty of time around each other's families and parents.  My fiance has a sibling who is trans and one who is gay.  When I met them, they were some of the first people I had met who lived that way and it took a lot of learning, questions, and awkward conversations on my part to get some pre-conceived notions out of my head. 

My parents are the type of people who pray before every meal, go to church every Sunday, my dad hunts, my mom cooks, there's animal mounts on their walls.  Very traditional and some would say old-fashioned.  But they are very generous and loving and taught me work ethic and independence from a young age.

Our families have only interacted once before, when we had them all over to our place for Thanksgiving one year.  It was awkward at first, given how different they all are, but there were no harsh words spoken and everyone left the encounter with nothing but good things to say about each other.

Last weekend we went to visit my parents for a weekend. We happened to visit during bow-hunting season for deer and my dad went out early every morning.  He came home with a nice buck one day and had it hanging in his shed. He was excited about it when he came home and told me to come see it and my fiance came with. 

She was grossed out and asked my dad how he could kill an animal like that.  He explained that he uses the meat to feed his family, including some sausage we had for breakfast the previous day. She got upset and said she can never understand how "people like you" can kill animals like that.  

I could see my dad bristle at the "people like you" comment and I quickly took my fiance inside.  I had a private talk with her and told her that she needs to be tolerant of my family's lifestyle, just like they are tolerant of her family.  She said that was different because her family can't change their sexualities or gender and my family could easily change.  I told her tolerance goes both ways and just because she might not agree with it, doesn't mean she gets to chastise my family for it.

She said she just can't feel comfortable around this type of lifestyle and I got upset.  I told her my family and I were nothing but accepting of her family, despite our unfamiliarity with them and I expect her to be tolerant and accepting of mine too. She called me an asshole for not taking her side and the rest of our stay was really awkward and she's been really quiet and distant from me ever since.(i never used this platform so sorry if I get anything wrong, also while my English is pretty good, it's not my first language)

(edit - I have been informed that the word I mean was condescendingly, not descendingly, thank you)

So basically my son is a professional aerial performer and is currently performing in this large and popular horror themed circus where we live. I know I may be biased but in my opinion, he's really good and it's just amazing to watch him perform, maybe a little scary sometimes and I sometimes worry about him with some of the tricks and acts he does.

My wife however will just tell people he works in the circus. Never mentioning that he's an aerial performer, that he actually works independently and is basically a contractor (i don't know if there are any proper terms, but this is the best way I can describe it), that he works with a very large and popular circus. Just that he works in the circus.

Whenever we are out and she sees a clown she will point at it and say “look, it's \[son’s name\]”. And it is very clear she looks down on him for what he does, she assumes he makes next to nothing and is "poor". I know he’s. He doesn't make a crazy amount, but he makes enough to support himself well.

This all came to a head when we were with some of her friends and one of them ask if our son could entertain her kids at a birthday party, promising to pay him “generously” since “he must be struggling”. My wife laughed and responded with “ill see if he's free”. I butted in saying “he probably won't be able to since the birthday falls on a day when \[popular circus\], which is where he works as a headline aerial act in is fully booked because it's so close to the New Year.”

Almost everyone there was shocked since all this info was new to them, my wife looked pissed and left. She sat in the car and texted me that she wants to leave. I stayed for about 20 mins answering questions and showing them some videos. The woman who asked apologised, saying she was given the impression by my wife that our son was a struggling and failing cheap circus performer and wanted to help him.

When I finally left and got in the car my wife yelled at me, saying that I made her look like an idiot and horrible mother in front of her friends. When we got home she stormed out the car and locked herself in our bedroom crying loudly she's been like this for almost an hour now and I’m starting to feel awful and like an AH. I could have just left it alone, so AITA?I know the title is a bit… off, but let me explain. Me (30 F) and my wife (29 F) welcomed our son into this world a year ago, both of our families are very accepting of us but my wife’s family has this weird obsession with “passing on the family genes”, which made adopting out of the question very early on. Me and my wife have always wanted a to start a family but things got difficult when my wife found out she was infertile, we knew her family would be understanding but i am TERRIFIED of pregnancy, from what i have been told im almost physically identical to my bio mom who died during child birth so that has led me to believe i wouldn’t hold a pregnancy very well.

After a few months of brainstorming and let down, MIL suggested that we do IVF, using my eggs and my BIL’s sperm, and let my wife carry the baby. I was skeptical at first but gave in because the plan hit all marks, her family get their genes “passed on”, My wife and i get to start a family, and i don’t have to carry the baby. we went through extensive counseling and therapy to make sure everyone was on the same page and could handle it. The procedure was a bit expensive but my wife’s grandma happily covered the cost since our baby would be the first of the new generation in their family. 

Everything went great, my wife loved being pregnant (aside from the morning sickness) and we were more than overjoyed to welcome our baby boy in the winter. The problem arose last week, we were preparing for my sons first birthday when BIL made a comment about how he should get a say in the planning as the child’s father. I was shocked. I cringed and told him that he wasn’t, he just provided the sperm, he looked me straight in the eye and said “yeah, so he’s our child”. 

I looked to my wife whose mouth was wide open and MIL wasn’t making eye contact. Before he could say anything else i demanded that he get out of my house and that he’d be able to come to the party when he apologized, he got angry but left when my wife started to cry. My wife has always struggled with self esteem and her infertility really took a toll on her, for months i had to constantly reassure her that she an amazing mother and that she wasn’t “wrong” (she faced a lot of homophobia and misogyny growing up)

SIL called me later that day and called me a bitch, I argue that BIL had no right saying any of that but SIL just kept yelling. Me and my wife have cut all contact with her family, it’s turned into something bigger than it needs to be but i refuse to let someone call my family incomplete again. call me dramatic but I grew up with family in and out and never knowing who is “real family” and i refuse to let the same happen to my son.


BIL signed away his rights and verbally agreed multiple times that he’s just an uncle. He’s never had a problem until now and it’s kinda out of the blue. If he was starting to feel more of a connection to my son then i’d understand if he calmly spoke to my wife and i instead of staking claim. i’ve reached out to BIL a few times looking for a reason but he has just thrown insults to my wife and i.

My wife is devastated over loosing contact but neither of us want to forgive BIL until he apologizes.
So… am i the asshole?

Edit: We don’t know where MIL stands, she’s expressed that BIL was out of line but has also said that he is technically the father. MIL steps out once she senses any conflict, that’s why she wasn’t making any contact. many people are going after my MIL but she’s been essentially on my wife and i’s side, it’s my FIL that wanted the genes to be passed on.

Edit: Also, SIL is my wife’s sister, not BIL’s wife, BIL’s wife isn’t in close contact with us so i’m not sure she even knows what’s going on.I (34F) went to Stuyvesant High School in NYC. For those who don't know, the school is in lower Manhattan, just a few blocks from where the Twin Towers stood. Those of us who were in school that day saw everything on 9/11. I was 14 and it was truly the most horrific and traumatic thing I've lived through. I heard the first plane and saw the second plane crash. I saw the people jumping from the buildings (that's what really still gives me nightmares to this day). I smelled the smoke, I heard the roar as the buildings came down. I and many of my former classmates still suffer health problems from having been in the area (and from having likely returned to the school building before it was really safe to do so). As you can imagine, with the 20th anniversary approaching, I've had a lot of, well, feelings. I now live in a suburb of NYC, and was invited to speak at a local commemoration ceremony tomorrow. I also have been sharing my thoughts on social media. 

My ILs (mainly my BIL, but MIL is backing him up) have been complaining about my posts. They say that I shouldn't "talk like a survivor" because I wasn't actually in either of the buildings and that I'm "making it about [my]self" and "taking away from actual survivors" and also that it's just "over the top". I will grant that maybe it is a little over the top, but like, I still suffer both physically and mentally to this day. I was deeply impacted and forever changed, as were my classmates. You can't witness something like that and not be. I wasn't in the actual buildings, but I was right there and saw it all. But I don't know, maybe I can't and shouldn't consider myself a survivor? Maybe I should tone it down? My husband says I'm right, but that I know how his family is, they get very uncomfortable from emotional stuff and I should be more mindful of my posts. So, AITA for talking about my 9/11 experience as (I think) a survivor?[deleted]My son and daughter-in-law had their twins last year. They didn’t want to put them in daycare and asked me if I could watch them. I’ve been doing childcare my whole adult life (as a nanny). At the time, I had a well paying nanny job. My son and daughter in law couldn’t afford to pay me as much, but I didn’t mind as they’re my grandkids and I love them. I’d do it for free but I have to pay my bills. I did make sure multiple times that this was going to be permanent. I was quitting a good job for this and I didn’t want to have to scramble last minute. They swore up and down that it’d be until they were 3. I agreed and I’ve had so much fun watching them this past year. They’re now 18 months old. I’ve started to teach them colors, ABCs, etc. We go to play groups so they can be with kids their age.

My son and DIL sat me down last week saying they feel more comfortable with daycare. After doing research, they feel it’s best they’re in daycare now. They’ve already found one and gave me 2 weeks notice. I was upset. They promised me 3 years of work and now I have to scramble to find a new job that’ll pay as well as my last one. I said all of this, and they said it wasn’t fair for me to expect them to keep to that. I pointed out what this would do financially to me, and they said they had to think of themselves. They’re paying the daycare more, but it’s worth it. I said now I don’t know how I’ll pay my bills, including my son’s student loans that I pay. I left shortly after.

My son says his wife cried and I shouldn’t have guilted them about this. He said bringing up the money was manipulative. AITA?

Edit: I am no longer going to be paying his loans.

As I know of, they are only sending them to daycare for socialization. They say there’s nothing wrong with my care.
Hi!! Long time reader and first time poster. 

I’m 18, female, still in highschool (pertinent to the story), paralyzed (also pertinent). My mom is 45. My sister is 28 and has three boys ages 10, 6, and 3. 

Four years ago I was in a car accident and came out paralyzed from the waist down. It has been hell having to learn a new way of life but I haven’t let that stop me. I am going to be going to a college out of state next year, and graduating in the top ten percent in my school if things continue as they are. 

The one major thing that is a complete bummer out of all of this (other than the obvious) is that my mom thinks that I am now a free babysitter for whenever one of my older brother or sisters needs one. She never consults me on these and expects me to drop plans at the drop of a hat.

This past Monday I told my parents about a Christmas movie extravaganza sleepover my friend has been planning. It’s gonna be three girls and we were planning on making brownies, cookies, watching really cheesy Christmas themed romantic movies. And just girl stuff. It was on Saturday (yesterday) and my parents said they had no problem with it. 

Yesterday arrived and I’m just about to roll out when my mom comes and says my sister is on her way with her three boys. Apparently she asked mom if I could babysit the other day and she said yes. Didn’t even bother telling me about it. 

I said hell no because I already have plans. We fought and mom ended up storming off because this one time I wasn’t backing down. I took the time and left. Turning my phone off when I got into my friends car. 

Today when I got home I got called an immature asshole basically. My sister was left without anyone to watch the kids durring her husbands work Christmas party. I went back on my word (that I didn’t make). Mom told me that I should be grateful she gives me something to look forward to (babysitting) because I have no real social life being paralyzed. 

I just went to my room and cried. But now I’m wondering…am I the asshole like they say I am because I refused to babysit and then left my sister in the lurch?

Edit: removed an unnecessary sentence.

Edit to add an update. So I’m not going into a whole lot of detail on here right now but plans are being put into motion for me to move in with my friend and her family. I made this choice after mom came in and berated me again for standing up for myself. She said that because I said I would originally (few years back I had no life and no confidence so I ageeed to babysitting a few times, then it was like I had no choice) that I asked for this. Then she said I’m to do what she says while living under her roof. Tomorrow she has work and hopefully by tomorrow evening I will not be living under her roof. I’m sure this won’t be the last time I hear from her though. 

For those who have mentioned this and will ask if I don’t answer…yes I have the originals to my important documents, and she does not have access to my money. She has encouraged my siblings though my sister is the only one this rude. My dad well he doesn’t like rocking the boat and to be honest in a way I don’t blame him. She yells at him more than me.

Edit to update. Officially out of the house. I just got done messaging to my mom and siblings that im out of the house and will no longer be available for babysitting. Thank you to everyone who commented and for the awards although I’m still not sure how the whole karma thing works nor do I really care. Those who responded helpfully thank you for helping me mentally work through this. I appreciate it more than words can say.My late son died in a car accident a few years ago. He had been dating a girl for a few months and I found out at the funeral she was about 13 weeks pregnant.  They were both 22 . Well, I politely asked for a DNA test, and by using my family's DNA, I foud out I did indeed have a Grandson , " Dave Jr" lets call him . 

So anyway, I decided along with my husband to help the girl, " Lissa" , out. We are comfortable financially,  and decided to pay her monthly " child support" equal to what my son eould have paid, according to our state formula,  if he made $30k a year. We are using our own money, some of which was indeed set aside for Dave Sr's graduate schooling, but still, our money. My son had very few of his own assets, so no estate. We of course buy gifts, outings, etc, like all of our other grandkids. 

Well " Lissa" married a guy this summer. Call him Allen, seems nice, Im happy for her. So anyway Allen and Lissa come over this weekend,  and want to " Talk". Apparently,  the plan is for Allen to adopt Dave Jr , and they are moving out of state. Oh, and can we change his name on the accounts we have once this is legal? And they will send us pictures, and we can see little Dave sometimes but are not to mention our son until he is " old enough". 

I told them that I'm not paying them the child support,  since Allen wants to be his dad so bad that he wants to erase my son, he can pay. And there are no accounts, and Im not playing games and pretending to be a family friend or whatever this plan is. I also told them to Fuck Off and get the hell out. 

Well Liss and Allen sure think Im TA, my husband's on my side, my daughter is torn, and my youngest son hasn't said anything except " I can't believe you said Fuck " ( I don't swear much unless Im mad). Now her family is calling me, and Allen's mother is trying to get me to " have a sit down". So reddit, AITA? 
ETA: to answer what seems to be a common question,  yes my state has grandparents rights that apply.[removed]My (25f) sister (27f) has severe mental health issues that have made it extraordinarily difficult for her to function.  I’ve taken care of her since we were kids. Our dad had a stroke when I was 8, and my mom had to look after him until he died 11 years later. Our two brothers (40 and 42) are much older than us and busy with their jobs and their girlfriends (now wives). My family have even given me a nickname, Carer Sarah (Sarah is my name). I don’t particularly like it, but whatever. My mom is now my sister’s primary carer, but because I know her so well I’m often called to step in.

The terrible thing is, I don’t really like my sister. I think I did once, but over the years I have spent so much emotional energy on her that I’ve just burnt out. To give a flavour of what life has been like with her, she called me at 3am the night before I was due to have a hugely important interview and told me she was standing on a bridge about to jump off. I drove 4 hours to get to her and missed the interview. She seduced my boyfriend at my 16th birthday party and shouted for everyone to hear that the only reason I was born was because my mom had an abortion that went wrong. She told another boyfriend I’d cheated on him (I hadn’t). She racked up over $10k of debt on my credit card in 3 days.

I know that none of this is her fault, but all I feel towards her is apathy. It means her actions no longer hurt me. She can be so, so sweet to me sometimes, but it never lasts, and I’ve learned not to like or dislike her, just to endure her. I’ve never, ever told anyone that, and our whole family are under the impression that I love her dearly because of how much I’ve done for her over the years.

Two years ago I met the love of my life and we’re getting married next year. The truth is, I don’t even really want my sister there at all. I can’t think of a single event centred on me that hasn’t been in some way disrupted by her.

I can’t not invite her, so instead I want her to be just a regular guest. This also means it will be easier for my mom to keep an eye on her, because if she’s my bridesmaid I know I’ll end up doing it. And I want my bridesmaids to be people I actually love, who love me too, and will make my day easier. My cousins on both sides all had their sisters as bridesmaids, so I’m going against family tradition here.

My mom and brothers are shocked, and say it’s extremely damaging for my sister to be rejected like this. One of my brothers says I'm being ableist. My mom says she always thought that one day when she’s too old to take care of my sister and I’ve worked for a few years that I would look after her full time (this was news to me), but now she’s not so sure.

All this has made me feel bad for my sister, and I’m close to giving in. But if I do, it won’t be because I want to. So, looking for honest opinions here. AITA for not having my sister as my bridesmaid?Back story: I'm a 29M and I've been in EMS for almost 7 years, but I've only been a paramedic on a department for about a year. Now onto the story.

This happened a few shifts ago. We got a call at 0600 for a pediatric full arrest. When we got on scene, my heart dropped. The parents said that they put their 6mo to bed last night and then went to bed. When dad was about to leave for work, he opened the door to see his baby before leaving and noticed that the baby wasn't breathing.

I stood there for a minute thinking about how I was going to tell these new parents the bad news. The baby was cold to the touch, pale, and lividity had set in... their baby died in the middle of the night. I tried to convey my sympathy to them and told them that it wasn't their fault and tragedies like this happen. The parents were understandably inconsolable. 

The rest of the shift was silent. When I got home, I kept running that conversation with the parents in my head over and over again.I called up my friend and asked him if I could come over to talk.

I went to his apartment and we talked for hours about it. I was just an emotional wreck because this was my first infant death. He tried to get me through this as best he could, but then his fiancé came home from work. She came in the front door and instantly started complaining that she had the "worst day ever" because a customer gave her attitude.

When she walked into the living room and saw me, she said "I had a bad day and I don't want people over so you need to leave right now." When my friend said that something terrible happened to me at work she looked at him and said "All he does is sit around, watch TV, and play Xbox. How terrible can it be?" My friend and I were stunned. She kept going on and on about how I basically do 10 minutes of work on my 24hr shifts and she works so much harder than me. I was already in a bad place emotionally and hearing her say all those things just made my blood boil.

I finally looked her in the eyes, and said "You don't know what a bad day even looks like! You were mildly annoyed for 5 minutes and that's it. I had to look 2 new parents in the eyes and tell them that their baby died last night while they were sleeping! Just the THOUGHT of knowing they called us to save their baby and I was powerless to do anything kills me inside, but I know that, no matter how bad I feel, they are feeling much much worse. Now tell me, do YOU still think you're having a bad day?" And then I stormed out.

My friend called me a few days later to check up on me. I was doing better by then and had more time to process everything. He went on to say that he had a long talk with his fiancé about what happened and said that what I told her really messed with her. She has been crying on and off since I left. I feel like I may be the AH because I lashed out at her in rage and I could have handled that better. So AITA?I know, I know. He’s a grown man, but let me explain. 

We have a 4 month child together and not once has he helped me beyond changing a diaper maybe once a week. I do all of the cooking, cleaning, and 99% of the baby care has been all me. I’ve asked him to take an overnight shift before, but he’s snapped at me saying “I work so I need my sleep so I can put food on the table for you.”

Tbh that stung, but I dropped it after that.

Anyway. Weekdays he works all day and he’s so exhausted when he comes home, he only wants to hang out or play games with his brothers and drink beer. I tell him I appreciate him working so I can take care of our son and go to school. I cook. I clean and do his laundry so he can just rest.

Weekends he doesn’t work, so I feel like he can help a little more. On top of being a full-time mom, I’m also finishing up my final semester in college. So on weekends, he had agreed to watch the baby for at least an hour so I can submit assignments on time, which is usually the Sunday at 11:59 kind of deal. Or let me take a shower since this child is glued to my hip rest of the day. Hence the 11pm curfew, so I have an hour to do my timed exams which is just enough time for me to complete.

He has yet to respect the agreed upon time for him to come home so not only can I shower and get schoolwork done, we can spend quality time as husband and wife since he’s busy all week and goes out every weekend.

When he told his brothers and coworkers about his “curfew”, I was immediately labeled as a controlling, nagging bitch of a wife. It hurt. I don’t argue with him and my requests are asked in a calm and collected manner: “I have an exam due on Sunday. Can you make some time to help me so I can knock it out?” I guess if you’re not there, it’s easy to assume. 

Despite that, he won’t come home on weekends until 1 or 2 AM, ignoring my text when I remind him of my timed exams and homework. Then snaps at me because I don’t let him reward himself for working all week.

I’m really hurt at the name calling. I pride myself in being laidback, flexible, and understanding. AITA? Should I just forget about the curfew?

Edit: Just so I’m not repeating myself, English is not my first language. I didn’t realize until now that the word “curfew” has a negative meaning behind it. I didn’t mean to belittle him. That’s on me.
Also, thanks for all of the support! I didn’t expect that. I’m definitely looking around into finding a good counselor for us. I’ve already called our insurance and got a list of names. We had a solid marriage before the baby. If we can work it out, I’d like to do that. Until then, I’m looking into a local mom group to get some support until I finish college. Or the counseling works and my husband steps up.

Update: So many of you have been so supportive and I can’t thank you enough for it. Even though it’s strangers on Reddit, it means a lot to me to be cheered on to continue my education and caring for my son.

For info: my husband wasn’t always like this. 8 years together and he always helped me somehow. Chores were done. Encouraging me to change my degree at the age of 24 because I was just miserable. Supporting me when my best friend back stabbed me. Staying up all night and taking 8 days off work when I miscarried with our first so he could take care of me. 

You guys helped me realize these red flags and the courage to realize I need to put my foot down. Being laid back isn’t going to save our marriage. 

Last night, when my husband got home, we sat down and talked. Really talked. We stayed up late. I told him we need counseling or I’ll leave if this continues. And that I’m going to my only family, about 2000 miles away, so there’s not chance of seeing either one of us unless he flies out. By the look on his face, I guess he didn’t realize how bad it had gotten.

The thing he joked to coworker and brothers (apparently only the collective 3) was something they said. In the moment, he’d laughed it off. He didn’t realize this “locker room talk” would affect me. He said he will stop them and never call me that again.

This morning, I woke up to breakfast and coffee at my bedside. I got a text asking if I’d like to go grocery shopping while he watches the baby when he gets home today so I have an hour or two to myself and get out of the house.

For some more context, I *like* grocery shopping. I run my errands at Target and I have a friend meeting with me there so we can grab a coffee there while I’m at it. My shopping is limited to 50% coffee and talking, 45% goofing off in the aisles and browsing stuff I don’t need, and 5% actually getting the groceries we need.

Next weekend he made plans to take us all out for lunch then walk at the local flower garden with our baby.

I hope it keeps getting better. We have had a good 8 years together. If possible, I’d like to continue that.

Thanks everyone! Bear hugz all around 💛

Final update:

Not sure who all will see this last part but it’s been a couple days now.

Counseling went well. He wants it to be a routine thing.

I’m still waking up to coffee and breakfast on the bedside table. When he comes home he doesn’t go straight to the fridge for a beer anymore—he’s been eagerly waiting for me to hand the baby over. I’ve been able to go to the campus library to print off some assignments without worrying. And when I came home, the bathroom and oven had been deep cleaned.

The man I once knew and fell in love with is slowly coming back. Obviously, there are things I need to work on too, like speaking up for myself more often.

Well. That’s enough divulging my personal life on Reddit. Thanks again for the kind words and support!I (32/f) live with my partner (44/m) and work in research. My primary colleague (30/m) and I have worked together for \~2 years on a major project involving significant intellectual and labor contributions from us both. The project is expected to span at least another \~2 years, and is vital to both of our careers.

Not long ago, my colleague confessed to me that he is, and has been, infatuated or in love with me for pretty much the duration. It took place via a long email that was written after an evening of drinking. This was totally unexpected - in retrospect there may have been some signs, but nothing that wouldn't just as easily be accounted for by a considerate personality.

Shortly after this confession, I came to my husband with the issue. I wanted to get his advice about the situation, and showed him the drafts which I'd composed to organize my thoughts on the matter - they stated unequivocally that I'm not interested in a romantic relationship, and hope these feelings won't complicate our work together.  I was again surprised at my husband's reaction - he seemed offended, to think I must have invited my colleague's affections, and that I should immediately quit my job. As in, put in notice tomorrow. I was so taken aback my immediate reaction was to laugh / snort at this suggestion, which was probably a mistake.

That would be utterly disastrous for my career, and isn't an option I'm willing to consider. I'd greatly prefer the entire scenario had never happened, as a difficult and lengthy project hangs in the balance, but  I have no real concern at this point about my colleague forcing the issue or letting it compromise our work. It seemed like an intoxicated "getting my feelings off my chest".  I'll need to put a lot of thought and caution into how I proceed with the work dynamic, but abandoning our project isn't even on the table.

About a week has passed. My husband has been alternating between irate and the silent treatment, and suggested several times that I should move out of the house to be with my new spouse. Today I swung by the house on my lunch break and found the locks changed and my luggage on the patio. I have been blocked on his work number and cell.

Obviously he cannot possibly intend for me to really move out, and is just pulling (what I absolutely believe to be an assholish) power sulk - but seeing how seriously he's taking this has my doubts up. Maybe I was ultimately too uncompromising when I refused to even entertain quitting my job for the sake of conversation and his feelings, and to shut the idea down so abruptly. AITA?

UPDATE: Hubby called me. Long story short he's been extremely anxious each day when I leave for work, and buckled from that pressure today. I'm "welcome back" home once I've quit my job, which is obviously still unacceptable. I am considering taking a week of accrued paid leave, which will hopefully result in an adult conversation with husband (as well as coming to a decision about how to best handle colleague). That failing, I'm hearing the word "lawyer" loud and clear throughout these comments! I'm grateful for all of the support and perspective.

UPDATE 2: I ended up calling my sister (38/f) - something I avoided initially because I didn't want to "stir the pot" by involving family members who are already disliked by husband. I'm currently with her and cousin (35/m), who are both supportive. Our plan is to call a locksmith tomorrow (to regain access to the property - husband can ruminate with friends or at a hotel for the present), for cousin to collect some important things of mine from the house, and for me to stay with my sister for a few days while I take a hard look at my situation and options. I'm not set on divorce at this point, but I definitely need to re-assert some very basic boundaries before exploring further discussion with husband. Thank you, strangers on Reddit, for helping me emerge from the emotional haze with some clarity.  


UPDATE: Enormous thanks for all of the private messages after the comments were locked. I'm a little overwhelmed with life in general right now, so I haven't replied to everyone, but I wanted to update and let it be known that I'm safe and well. My husband tried to bar my cousin from entering the family home to retrieve my things, which escalated to a physical confrontation. The police arrived and both husband and cousin were made to leave the premises. My sister and I changed the locks the next day to secure the house, and I'm staying with family for a little while while I plan my next move (which will in all likelihood be a divorce). Thanks again to all who've shared feedback and concern.I’m 16(f), so I live with my parents. I started having asthma symptoms a couple years ago but only when I was trying to sleep, I would be unable to breath. I’ve been brought to all sorts of specialists and put on various allergy drugs because the best they could tell us was that it must be an allergy. 

Around the same time that started I began seeing an occasional cockroach in my room. I would squish it and throw it out. Then the air coming from my vents started smelling musty. And I would see more and more cockroaches. I told my parents all of this and they are convinced there’s not a cockroach problem. I’ve been seeing about 15-20 cockroaches in my room (anytime of day/night) everyday for months. My parents keep telling me that I’m being dramatic, it’s just an occasional cockroach. I’ve done some research and supposedly cockroaches can cause respiratory problems. My parents refuse to call a bug exterminator person. 

I’m really tired of living with these things, I can hear them crawling in the walls of my room. They’re in my bed, I feel them crawl on me while I’m trying to go to sleep. And no, I don’t eat in my room. I used to have a bowl of soup in my room if was was sick at home, but I stopped because of the cockroaches since I don’t want to attract them. 

I started taking a photo of every one I killed and sending the picture to my parents. So again, 15-20 pictures a day. They got pissed I’m bothering them at work and that I’m sending a photo of the same dead cockroach over and over. Like literally they were going to ground me over winter break if kept doing it. So instead over this past week I’ve been keeping the dead ones a bag marked with the date and then the number of cockroach it was. There was 118 of them over 7 days. I dumped all the little bags on my parents bed (so the actual dead cockroaches didn’t touch their bed, just the bags).

My parents are LIVID. They’re arguing about what to do about me like I can hear them and in the meantime I’ve been sent to my room. I just really don’t know how to get across how uncomfortable I am constantly. These things are ALIVE when they’re in my bed. I really don’t know how else to make them see this is a problem, but this might have been the nuclear option and I could have just shown them the bags in my room. AITAH?

Update: my parents are going to get some stuff and traps for my room and the bathroom to kill the cockroaches. They also said I should use the bathroom on the other end of the house to take showers so it’s not humid in my bathroom. I’m not completely grounded but I’m not allowed to go to my friends house over break and I have increased chores for putting the bags on their bed because they said I could have just told them there’s a lot of cockroaches even though I’ve been doing that. They’re disappointed in me for overreacting so that’s why I have to stay home over break. All of my family lives in another state and they never come here and we’re rarely go there. I don’t really want to tell anyone because I’m scared for my parents because they’re otherwise good parents. I haven’t even really told my friend that much about the cockroaches because I know she would think it’s really gross. But they’re getting stuff to kill them now so they are at least doing something now.

Update 2: some info - they own the house, it’s a freestanding large home in a gated community, and my parents make a ton of money so unless they have secret debt then they’re fine financially. 

They sat me down to “talk about the issue further.” I told my dad about the Advion gel and he’s getting that. He’s also going to move the compost pile away from my wall and the AC thing to the far end of the yard and try and get the cockroaches out of the compost or otherwise get rid of the compost. He said that we will try this for a month and see how it goes. My mom said after talking they decided I’m un-semi-grounded and I can go to my friends house to hang out over break, but that I need to think about how I “escalate situations” and I should have talked to them instead. Then we all hugged and I asked my dad to stay so I could talk to him. I told him about how it’s upsetting to me that we can’t call an exterminator because they would know how to fix the cockroaches, and that it’s also upsetting because I don’t want him to be like grandma and also great grandma. I also brought up the asthma issues and that it’s actually hurting me physically too. I asked him to get help, because they even have like online therapists now so he doesn’t even have to leave the house because he hates that and with COVID he’s basically not left in over a year. He seemed to be really upset, like sad upset not mad at me, and just said that it shouldn’t be my problem to worry about him and he’ll “take care of it.” So idk how that really went but that’s what’s happening now.Me (34M), my daughter with type 1 diabetes (11F)

My daughter has T1D, and has been diagnosed since she was 5. For the most part, she handles it like a champ, but she’s a kid. Sometimes it sucks. I don’t blame her when she’s upset about it. She’s gotten very good at managing how she’s feeling and speaking up when she feels off or wrong. That said, she’s 11, and the nurse and 2 of her block teachers are meant to supervise when she gives herself medication. We have a 504 plan in place at her school and have had it in place since diagnosis. I have conferences with teachers every year, and since she started at the middle school this year, her new nurse and administrative staff. I let my daughter speak her piece and let her feel heard. She’s struggled with non-school extracurricular before ignoring her concerns when she says she doesn’t feel good because she “looks fine”. This school year started the end of August and we met a week prior. 

I got a call Monday afternoon while I was at work saying that the school bus driver had to call the ambulance for my daughter on the way home because she fainted. My job is forty minutes away so I said I would meet them at the hospital. 

She was awake and chatting with her nurse when I got there. Her blood sugar had dropped very, very low while she was at school. She was feeling better and didn’t seem too bothered so I took her home once allowed and let her pick a movie to watch. 

Once the movie was over, I asked if she didn’t feel good at school. I needed to make sure she wasn’t ignoring her symptoms and had eaten lunch. She told me that she felt weird just before the end of the day, and checked her sugar with her teacher, who had sent her to the nurse when it was really low. When she told the nurse she needed glucagon, the nurse said no and she should take it at home when she gets there. 

At this point, I was raging. The nurse did not give her her medication AND THEN SENT HER TO THE BUS. The 504 plan in place has a stipulation that if her blood sugar is too low at the end of the day, she cannot take the bus home. The nurse is supposed to give her glucagon and I get called to pick her up/arrange someone to take her home. The bus drivers aren’t trained to know what to look for or to give her medication.

I called the school Tuesday morning to arrange a meeting to talk about what happened. We scheduled it but it hasn’t happened yet. 

In the meantime, I went wild. Mile long Facebook post with pictures of the 504 and hospital bill and me ranting. It kind of took off and got a lot of attention. 

Last night, my siblings and coworkers started telling me maybe I went too far in making the post, specifically in my naming the nurse. It was shared in a couple of different pages on Facebook for our county and town, and a lot of people have been making comments on the school board’s social medias about the nurse. A lot of the outrage comes from other parents with kids on 504 or IEP plans. 

AITA for calling out the school/nurse?My son(40) is what people call a "ladies man". I had no problem with it until last year when he got a girl (20) pregnant because he said that condoms don't work for him so they had unprotected sex. When he found out about the baby he blocked the mom and ghosted her for a month. He came to tell me about it one his baby's mom reached out again saying that he didn't have to care for the baby, but that he had to pay child support. I was shocked and told him that he could either step up or not, but that I would have a relationship with the child because it is my only grandchild. He choose to not step up and tried to fight child support, but a month ago he was placed on it.

Now that my granddaughter Lily is born, I have been helping pay for everything because her mom is in college and my son quit his job so his payment would go down. I am very disappointed in him. I watch Lily during her mom's classes and pay for her to have a nanny so the mom can work hard to get her degree. 

Money is no problem for my family, but my son is very angry that I am helping them out. He says that they should not get my money and that if the mom needed help then she should have aborted it. I told him that I will continue to help them because my granddaughter is incocent in this and that he was the one who refused to wear a condom so they should not have their life ruined. He said that it is either him or them and I said that I would always help my granddaughter. He has stopped talking to me and my daughter said that I went to far and that I should just cut ties with them. 

AITA for helping them against my son's wishes?I (44f) have a twenty-three year old biological son as well as three foster children 2 boys (9 and 17) and one girl (12.) I have been a foster parent since my son was four. I am a social worker as well. He has gone through life understanding the system and the horrors these kids face. The three that I have right now I am planning to adopt. I love them as my own. The last two Christmas’ I have not had my biological son, Tyler, home. He has spent them with his girlfriend and wife now of eight months family. I have always respected it. She is much less independent than Tyler and her family suffered the loss of a grandfather so they wanted her there for the holidays. This Christmas Tyler has been telling me that him and Sonia (my DIL) will spend Christmas with our family. Well the day before yesterday Tyler told me he feels like he owes a debt to Sonia’s family for the extravagant wedding gift they gave them and he felt pressured to spend another holiday with them. I didn’t believe him. I know when my son is lying. After pressing for about fifteen minutes he revealed to me that Sonia felt uncomfortable spending Christmas at our home because it did not feel genuine. She says that my foster children are not real family so it takes away from the spirit of the holiday. I would never let anyone be so disrespectful to Tyler so why would I let this fly with my other children? I told him fine but if she doenst feel comfortable at Christmas then I don’t ever feel comfortable with her around my kids, and she cannot step foot in this house again. I have always treated her with kindness and respect. I love her because she loves my son and he loves her, but I will not let anyone exclude my children. My husband believes I am going to cause a wedge between us and our son, but right now I am so so disappointed in him. This is not who I raised him to be maybe a wedge is needed for him to come to his senses. So reddit am I the asshole? 

TLDR: My DIL doesn’t consider my family genuine because I have foster children so she and my son will be spending the third Christmas in a row with her family. I told my son she is no longer welcome at my home.[removed]My (f16) mom passed away recently. my brother (m14) and dad are so devastated by this tragic loss and we are struggling.

I've basically found myself handling all chores and work around the house - my brother is too traumatized he hasn't been talking since the funeral and my dad hasn't been lifting a finger and do a single thing. He started making requests from cleaning the messy living room (he sleeps on the couch) to picking up dirty laundry to doing dishes, cooking or ordering food, walking the dogs, vacumming, doing repairs, mowing the lawn, washing the car since my brother stopped doing it. I'm too exhausted often times. Mom used to do the chores and I used to help but I have school and after school committements and my dad keeps negatively commenting on how I get things done and compare me to mom like how much time I take to make breakfast etc.

Yesterday he woke me up at 6am even though he told me to skip school and wanted me to make breakfast. I scrambled eggs and prepared other dishes then went to wake my brother up. I set the table and once dad sit down he looks at the scrambled eggs and goes "what is this? This is not the right way to make scrambled eggs. Your mother used to make perfect scrambled eggs. Did you not learn anything from her *at all*? How are we supposed to survive if you can't even properly make scrambled eggs?" He looks at my brother and says "we're doomed". I snap and loudly tell him I'm not his replacement wife to expect me to do this and that for him. He looks at me stunned and my brother rushes out immediately. Dad starts telling me how cruel and insensitive what I just said and how out of line I was. I reply that I was too tired to make 'the perfect scrambled eggs" my mom used to make and that maybe if he as a parent had tried to learn we wouldn't be suffering right now. He gets up throws the towel and walks out.

My aunt came to visit and when I told her she went off saying I should have never said that to my grieving dad and that I should be ashamed of myself for talking to him like that.

AITA?Good evening.

This happened a few nights ago, but I just heard it was causing drama today.

My wife and I moved into our neighborhood a few weeks ago, and we live somewhat rural. We're in a small town, under 5,000 people, but have about 4 dozen homes within a 20 minute walk.

We know there aren't any kids in the neighborhood, and were told to expect no trick or treaters.

So, my wife and I dressed up in costumes we had easy access to, nothing controversial or inappropriate, and stocked up on candy. We made little baggies for each house in our neighborhood with about a dozen fun sized pieces of candy in each.

On Halloween night we went from house ot house, and about half the people opened for us. We'd give them candy, introduce ourselves, and move on. We started around 6:30 PM and finished around 8:30 PM. (We started far out, and moved back in towards home, towards a few people we had casually met.)

Today while getting the mail, my wife overheard a group of people talking about the new, weird, neighbors, who decided to take up a chunk of everyone's evening on a Saturday night.

That mixed with two of the houses on our route telling us that people don't do that kind of thing in our neighborhood, and one telling us we're going to burn in hell for celebrating a satanic holiday, has me thinking that A. We have at least one loony neighbor, but B. maybe we may have crossed a line in going out in the evening?

I'm dismissing the satanic panic right away, but with multiple people telling us we weren't welcome, and the stuff my wife overheard, I'm wondering, were we out of line?

Are we the assholes?

Thank you.[removed]Using a throwaway because my step siblings use Reddit. 

Some background: 

My (27f) younger brother, sister and mom passed away in an accident 8 years ago. My father (52m) and I used to be very close before this but we’ve drifted apart since then. I think some of it has to do with the fact I look a lot like my younger sister. She was always close to my dad and we would often joke she would take care of him when he got older. My father also isn’t really a “believer” in therapy and refuses to go. When I started going to therapy a few months after the accident, he said that I should be stronger and quote “stop giving people the satisfaction of seeing you weak”. 

He remarried two years ago, his new wife and I don’t get along. Some things she’s done include telling my father not to invite me to the wedding, telling him I was bullying her children because I refused to let them have an unsupervised party at my beach house and I also told them they can gtfo if they continued to treat the staff disrespectfully. Her kids were 18F and 17M at the time. When she married my dad she was also under the impression that the money he spent on her and the house he lived in was his (he never said it was, she just assumed). My mom left me a nice amount of money in her will and I used it to invest and also work in the tech field so I’m well off. However, considering my age I don’t think she was expecting this and I don’t think she was very pleased either. 

Onto the issue: 

At their gender reveal party (they are expecting a boy and a girl) my dad announced they will be naming the kids after my dead siblings. I’m shocked and I interrupt to tell him that naming the twins after my siblings is weird. His wife tells me to stop being jealous. At this point I’m pissed I ignore her and tell my dad that he would always stick up for me in the past yet let’s his wife belittle me now, how hurt I was he didn’t invite me to his wedding, how he never once said he was proud of me or even a thank you or I love you after I bought this house for him. And basically said that if my siblings were here they’d be disappointed in him and ashamed to call him dad since he’s been a pretty shitty one so far. My father told me to get out of his house and as I am about to leave his wife comes up to me and I kid you not says “don’t let the door hit your ass on the way out”. So I walk back in tell my dad that he and his wife had a month to leave my house. Well wife started crying, dad said I was pathetic and her family has been messaging me telling me to apologize. But my friends, and family on both my mom and dads side agree with me although they think I should let my dad stay and kick wife out however I want both out. I get that I acted a bit emotionally and I am starting to feel bad for stressing a pregnant women. So AITA?
FIRST TIME, PLEASE BE KIND.


My husband's getting deployed overseas very soon and I decided to
Invite both families for a cookout/goodby party for him before he leaves.


My cousin and I aren't close. She married 3 times and, has 2 kids. She divorced her 1st# husband cause he left work and became a stay at home parent. Divorced her 2nd# cause he didn't do chores and kept working long hours.
Now her current husband "Tom" or "Tommy" does nothing. He cotributes nothing towards chores, in fact she does everything for him while he just hangs out with friends and plays video games most of the time.
I know this because she constantly complains to mom and Aunt about it.
 

My cousin's reasoning for choosing him is that he has so many other great features. I gotta say he *is* hamdsome and is one of the most gorgeous guys she's ever been with but he's rude, loud, talks back, has awful sense of humor if *at all*!!!!. And money has clearly stunted his growth mentally.


Onto the encounter: at the cookout, everyone was sitting after we ate and my husband was giving a little speech about what he's been experiencing at the moment as well as giving sincere goodbys to his mom and dad and little sister. He then talked about us and how much he'll miss our little ones. It was emotional til my cousin carelessly interrupted us and playfully said it wasn't like my husband was dying or isnt coming back in few months then said she had big news. Everyone looked at her as she smiled and said she was pregnant (she always had interrupted things like my proposal and my baby shower to make her announcements) I got mad seeing the attention instantly drew on her getting hugs and congrats. My husband seemed irritated and got quiet. I just got up from my seat feeling confused about how to react and told my cousin "Hey listen, I know you're so happy to be able to keep Tommy's sperm as pets but this is a goodby party for Kevin so your happy news should be shared another time another place".

Families were split some were laughing & some got upset. My cousin almost crying silently left the yard as Aunt followed. I got nasty, nasty looks from my side of family.
Then both mom and Aunt berated me for my inappropriate reaction and my response and making such disgusting comment about my cousin's pregnancy and humiliating her like that. I explained that this was yet anothet attempt from her to hijack another occasion I host and I said this in heat of moment but Aunt saw nothing wrong with sharing good news and damanded I apologize for ruining my cousin's moment and making her feel awful. I feel awful too and think I was insensitive with how I responded.

AITA?

Info~ People keep asking why i invited my cousin in the first place knowing she's pulled this befor but I caved in to my mom and aunt's pressure to include every member in the family in every event my husband and I host.


Info 2~ My husband was getting heavily emotional while we were talking about our LOs and I'm sure everyone noticed but got distracted when my cousin stood up to announce her pregnancy. Tommy didn't react at all he just kept a straight face and didn't even get up from his seat.I'm an only child and my(18F) parents divorced when I was 8, my dad remarried when I was 12 and for a while everything was fine, but after a few years of living there with them I started to notice that my dad preferred my step-brother (13 now), they did more things together and started to ditch me to go to his games, his plays, his tournaments. For every 10 things I invited him, he only attended to 1 maybe 2. His wife always gave excuses; ''(her son) is younger than me'', ''they are really close'', ''his dad is not involved'' and told me that at least, I was lucky to have a dad with me and specifically one who was willing to ''share his love''.

Well my mom told him sad shit and gather all this things to aim for sole custody when I was 13 and won it, only then I saw my dad being hurt for me ''being taken away'' because in his eyes I was his little girl and him his little boy. I started to spend some time with my dad but only if he picked me up to do it, he still missed most of my things and I've always resented him and his other family for it.

Since this is my last year I had a lot of significant activities, I had my last debate, my last volleyball game, I won best essay in my class, got into best 20 alumni and finally went to pick my prom dress, some (if not all) of these things he missed because he was working or attending something regarding his family and I can't have it anymore.

My graduation is Dec 15, the same as my step-brother's elementary school and when I told my dad he said that he would see if he could make it *which meant he wouldn't* so I came clear. I said that, while graduating elementary school is nice and yeii for him, I'm graduating high school and I'm on my way to university so he can't really compare those things and, if he chose my SB's graduation he better forget about me.

His wife flipped and told me that I was taking my SB's dad away from a big day and I was being a spoiled brat, I told her that I couldn't be an spoiled brat if I was being ignored the whole fucking time and that I wasn't talking to her, my dad looked shocked so I said that he could be there for once or he can miss forever and left... but now that I'm cooled off  I'm starting to feel bad, I love my dad to pieces I just want him there for me too and I surely don't want to hurt a little kid. I was wondering if I was an AH for acting how I did because he's paying half of my college fund and I gave him an ultimatum, plus my dad is not prone to confrontation while my mother and I are.

Edit: woah I didn't expect this to blow up, I'm gonna answer some things that were stated below and thank you so much for all of the advice and judgement.So me (26M) and Kyla (24F) matched on a dating app. We messaged a few times but nothing really happened from it. Couple months later we see each other at a mutual friends wedding. We talk most of the night and have a great time. I ask for Kyla’s number from our mutual friend. We text for a few weeks and eventually make plans to meet. We have plans to meet for drinks and she cancels last minute. Basically 10 minutes before we are set to meet for dinner Kyla tells me something came up and can’t make it. I tell Kyla it’s fine and she starts taking longer to text, is short and less engaged. Eventually Kyla  quits responding and I move on. A week later she calls to apologize and ask if we can meet up again. I agree only because my friends new wife convinced me. 

Date comes and it started off rocky. Kyla showed up late saying traffic was bad. She brought up her past relationships constantly and it made me uncomfortable. She did apologize for canceling the first date, saying she was nervous. She also had multiple drinks and a shot. I only had 2 drinks. She was also on her phone, not the whole date but enough for me to notice. Things weren’t going well and the conversation was stiff. When the bill comes they ask how we’re doing it and I say split it. Kyla looks at me and says “I didn’t actually bring my wallet”. At this point I’m just done and says “I’m sorry but I’m not paying and I don’t think this is gonna work”. I paid my bill and left while Kyla sat there. My friends wife calls me that night yelling at me calling me an AH. I guess Kyla’s sister had to come bring her money. I’ve been called an AH by some of the friend group. AITA?

OOOF, first Thanksgiving without our beloved BIL [Sis' husband 30s, passed away months ago from serious medical condition] He and my sister and their kids used to come spend thanksgiving at my parents house every year. This year and seeing how sad my sister has been we weren't sure wether she wanted to join us but were surprised when she showed up with her kids while we were about to eat  and brought her youngest SIL too. We were happy to see them.

My sister took off her jacket and sat down at the table and we started eating and talking about a bunch of stuff when my husband stopped and casually pointed at the empty chair and said "Damn, that's where Thomas used to sit wearing that same brown trucker jacket and talk about his plans for the future even when sick" I looked at my sister and saw her grudgingly staring at him as he went on to speak to the kids directly asking if they miss daddy and they noded. He then looked at my sister then back at the kids and said "oh please don't be so sad because Daddy's just gone to sleep just like we all do...except that he won't ever wake up". We were all shocked as my niece started crying suddenly and my sister got up from her chair and started unloading on my husband calling him an idiot and that he should've kept his mouth shut and not talk to the kids like that. My husband got up from his seat and got into a argument with her and I got involved trying to calm them down but my sister told her SIL to get the kids ready to leave and took her stuff. I tried to follow but she told me to leave her alone I've done enough already (?*).

I went back inside and my husband said he was just trying to comfort the kids and didn't understand why she went off on him like that. I was pretty upset and later at night my sister called saying her kids are now traumatized and terrified of sleeping thinking they too won't wake up just like their dad after what my husband told them. I said oh my God I'm so sorry then literally got into a big argument with him as he tried to say he's the victim and my sister was overstepping by calling him an idiot and humiliating him infront of the whole family  I said he deserved to be called an idiot and more after the messed up line he told the kids and let him know that he just traumatized his niece and nephew while this whole situation was preventable. He threw his hands up in frustration and took phone and bag and left the apartment after saying we were all being too much and unfair to him over an innocent attempt to comfort the kids.

He thinks I should be with not against him.

Context: and in case it's relevent, My husband has always disliked my BIL and they were never close that is why I was dumbfounded when he mentioned him at the table. Most of my family are saying he did it to be malicious but he says they're wrong and need to get over themselves. He even said he'd return the similar gifts my BIL used to get for the kids on Christmas after this.My brother is working and he asked me to take his nephews, 13 and 15 year olds to the airport to fly to their grandparents. I picked them up and I drive off, I then got the annoying car notification telling me their seatbelts aren't on. 

I told them to put the seatbelts on and they refused. I told them I don't care, it's like a 500 dollar fine to drive a minor without a seat belt on or something in California. They kept being spoiled brats saying they don't need to and dad let's then not wear seatbelts. I said I don't care, I won't drive until they wear their seatbelt. 

They kept whining they're going to miss the flight, I said that's their problem. They called their dad who starts yelling at them telling them to wear it. They do eventually so we drive but we get stuck in traffic and miss the flight. 

My brother is fucking pissed saying it's my fault for just not driving them. We waited about an hour before they decided to put their belt on.I (F 24) have a sister (F 32) who has a husband (M 38) who is the poster child of weaponized incompetence. They have 4 kids (F10, M8, M5, F3) and she’s pregnant. My sister works a full time job (40+ hours a week, cleans her entire house, cooks, takes care of all her children without him doing ANYTHING. It is seriously mind blowing that she wakes up at like 4 am, cooks breakfast, does chores, gets all of her kids ready for school, takes them all to school and daycare and all he does is stay home and work and when his kids get home (after my sister picks them up of course) he will play with them for a little and play video games until he falls asleep. she actually makes MORE than him! My fiancé (M 26) and i had to stay with them for 6 weeks while our home was being renovated and since we both wfh, we helped her and it is AMAZING how much happier she is when she has help. I helped with the kids and my fiancé even drove her to doctors appointments. Her husband literally only acknowledges he is a parent when his family is around, then he is a god fearing, hard working, father of 5. he is the one that wanted more kids, she wanted to stop after her last baby but he “needed more boys”. I am seriously concerned not only for her, but her kids as well because now her oldest is seeing what’s happening and trying to help but my sister is prideful and refuses to let her child do anything. 

Me and this man have never gotten along. He’s been acting like this since their 8 year old was born. I’ve tried talking to her about leaving but she doesn’t want her kids to grow up in a broken home, and unfortunately her experience with our parents divorce was completely different than mine so she doesn’t understand that a divorce would benefit her kids here because she thinks they need their mom and dad together. 

Cut to this past weekend, her and her husband threw a pre thanksgiving pot luck where our entire family + his was there. I stayed with my sister a few days before because i knew he wouldn’t help. So we’re at dinner all talking and i mention we are trying for a babyand my BIL makes an off handed comment to him about how hard fatherhood is, and i snapped and said “like you would know” he looked taken aback and asked me what i meant and i unloaded on him, calling him a pathetic excuse for a man who makes my 8 months pregnant sister do everything for their family. i went off for a solid 10 minutes and he sat there shrinking in his seat. i left.

Last night my sister called me and thanked me for standing up for her and told me she appreciated me. Although today i got a very nasty text from him telling me i’m a terrible person and because i “lied” in front of his family his mom is angry at him and is moving in with them to help her out and i’ve made him the laughing stalk of his family. He certainly thinks so, but AITA for doing this?[removed]
I f36 (married with 3 kids) work in this company for 4 years. I transferred to another department and met new colleagues. We were having lunch days ago and small chats when my husband called asking where I put the ceramic pan. I told him where to find it and ended the call. My new colleague Ross (40s, married with no kids, caling him passive agressive is the nicest thing you can say about him) was looking confused throughout the phone call. he asked if my husband cooks. I said yes, not just cooks but he also cleans, takes care of the dish washing, floor mobbing, toilet scrubbing, grocery shopping and deep cleaning rooms once a week. Ross started laughing as I went on and listed the things my husband does then casually asked who's the man in the house then if my husband's busy being the "housewife". I just glanced at him to explain as my colleagues kept staring. Ross said "'ok there's a man in the house aright, and I'm thinking it's you since you've emasculated your husband to the point of...mobbing the floor" others laughed


I said no we're just splitting duties and since I'm the current breadwinner he took it upon himself to help make things balanced after he lost his job. My other female colleague pointed out that I in fact am lucky my husband believes in partnership unlike most husbands which is a global issue. Ross said that I was *indeed* lucky to find a man with little to no selfesteem to be "gleefully" and "passionatly" taking on a role of a..."homemaker" like that. I was shocked and got extremely agitated after he proceeded to say that he was 100% sure my husband no longer feels like the "man" he used to be before losing his job. he called him "poor soul" and sarcastically hoped he at least still gets to keep his manhood in the bedroom. I was about to yell but kept it civil and looked at him and said " Oh don't worry he's doing just fine in the bedroom because he's always been enough of a man for me and as a result we have 3 kids. 3 kids while he (Ross) on the other hand.... everyone stopped for a sec and Ross had a shocked look on his face then lost it saying it was f&$# insensitive and pathetic of me for bringing his infirtility in an argument and use it as a low blow and said that I should feel ashamed of myself for bragging about my kids knowing that he can't have children for reasons he can not control. I replied that he should feel ashamed of how he was talking about my husband and told him maybe it's better that he just stop getting himself involved in other people's business. He doubled down saying he gets to get himself involved in whatever and wherever he wants because it's a "free country". Other colleagues started getting involved as the argument escalated. Ross told me he will make sure to let HR know about the lovely conversation we had and walked away like he dropped some sort of bomb on me. I got a lot of heat from his guy friends but one female colleague said Ross was rude but I took too far with what I said. AITA?


Edit: I have nothing against infertility and I know how devastating it is for families who want to have kids. I have 3 infertile close loved ones and I feel secondhand devastation for their pain and suffering. I myself had my share of pregnancy issues in the past and I'm blessed even though my oldest has a chronic condition.

Edit: people are saying I shouldn't have engaged further in the conversation and the reason was because of how he was acting and his use of word implying that I'm being unfair to my husband and using his job loss to gain advantage.


Edit: grammar, on mobile.[removed] I'm Swedish and have lived in the U.S for about 5 years. Met my girlfriend 3 years ago and hit it off immediately.

Last week we celebrated her birthday and she had, like usual, invited friends to the party. One of them we can call Linda.

The  evening was going well, we had talks, games and fun. My girlfriend and  Linda spoke about some new acquaintance from Germany or something, and  Linda reached out aid said she had Swedish heritage and was really proud  because she spoke the language fluently because her "mormor" (grandma  in Swedish, mom's sida) taught her.

Well,  you can imagine I was thrilled since the only times I get to speak  Swedish now is on the phone and online in chats with friends. So I  proclaimed "Ballt! Då kan vi ju snacka lite svenska om du har lust.  Länge sedan jag fick prata svenska med någon i verkligheten!", which  translates to "Cool! Then we can talk a bit Swedish if you want. It's  been a long time since I could speak Swedish with somebody in real  life!".

She looked at me, and you  could immediately tell from her expression "oh shit...". She tried to  get back on track and said "Sorry, you caught me off guard. I didn't  know you were Swedish. Could you repeat that?", so I said "Ja, jag  tänkte att vi kunde snacka svenska lite granna?", which means "Yeah, I  thought would could talk a little Swedish?".

She  then said "Jag... eh, Linda namn är... hur du mår?", which made it  obvious that she knew a few words, but definitely not on a  conversational level. She said "Jag... eh, Linda namn är... hur du  mår?", which while understandable is not correct Swedish. The correct  sentence would be "Jag heter Linda, hur mår du?" for "My name is Linda,  how are you?".

The rest of the  night was... tense, to say the least. She kept looking at me like I had  ruined her plan and made her the villain. I don't even care if she could  speak it or not, I just wanted to talk to someone.

Evening  went by and they all left. The next day, after my girlfriend had a talk  with her, she explained that Linda was really mad at me for  "embarassing her" in front of everybody. I told my girlfriend that I did  in no way do that, since all I did was ask her if she wanted to talk to  me, and then I repeat myself since I thought she didn't hear me the  first time. I thought she just hadn't "activated" her ear for other  languages, which happens to me all the time. I get just as surprised and  miss out on what is said if someone suddenly speaks in another language  that I understand.

Now I'm the bad guy apparently. What do you think? AITA?Lmao this is so stupid. But I was on a pretty long flight and I had the window seat. Idk if it’s important but I had taken some edibles for the flight. Next to me is a mother and her child(2/3y). The first incident happened, when the mom asked if I would trade seats so her child could look out. I declined and said I would rather sit in the seat I paid for and then I proceed to put in my AirPods and started to watch some New girl and I could hear the child cry and be upset that I wouldn’t . 

A few hours later, I was playing a game on my phone and the child was very focused on it, but then as everyone here probably know you get tired of mobile games, so I turned it off. The mom asked if I wouldn’t mind keep playing as it was entertaining her son. I said no and as soon as I did that the child starting crying and trying to grab my phone, I just simply raised my hand so the child couldn’t reach, so I said in a louder tone, “please control your child” which made the mom grab the boy and freak out at me and her screaming at me that I shouldn’t be such an asshole and only think about me. 
Aita?I (33f) own a cape. It's a gorgeous colour, has beautiful trim detail, and even has _pockets_. When I was getting ready to go out this morning, I chose to wear it instead of one of my coats or jackets. Over a shiny, textured ankle length skirt and a sparkly long sleeve top, because I felt like dressing up a bit.

We popped home briefly to check what was in the freezer before going to the supermarket. I noticed that there was an empty bottle of mouthwash in the bathroom and asked my brother (30) if he needed more, and then if there was anything else he needed.

"Errrr... I'll get dressed and come with you."

It was only once he was dressed that he realised I was wearing my cape. He grumbled about it. Then when we got to the first shop on our excursion, he told me to stay away from him. He didn't want to be seen with me.

We're sat in the car now and he's plainly annoyed that I didn't change before coming back out. And while mum's spare jacket _is_ in the car next to me, I have no intention of swapping my purple cape for an oversized grey fleece.

AITA for dressing in non-conventional clothing when I know my brother is embarrassed by it?I(30f) have three bio siblings(37m,36m,33f) and a sister(31f). My sister who I will call Becky  bio mom is my moms cousin, 

the story of Becky getting adopted by my parents was basically her bio parents were addicts that just came one day out of the blue for a visit than abandoned her at my house (she was 5 weeks old). For a few weeks they tried to get my cousins family to take her but those assholes didn’t want the shame of a baby with medical issues that was born out of wedlock. My parents fell in love with Becky and the rest was history 


Thankfully all Becky really needed was love and a good home, she beat a lot of odds and leads a healthy successful life

My parents never hid the fact Becky was adopted (she’s biracial) and we all learned about her heritage growing up. Everything was perfect till her parents reached out when she was 22 they where clean and wanted a relationship 

In the space of a few months she became a different person it was like she hated us for taking her away from her bio parents, as soon as she finished college and got the €20,000 check my parents gifted her (it’s a start up we all got) 

She ghosted us and sent a letter to my parents telling them if they ever tried to contact her again she file a restraining order. She got married and none of us even knew 

Her mother passed away when she was 26 which lead her father to relapse than unfortunately die 8 months later . After Becky reached out, my parents welcomed her back with open arms but i still can’t 


Which leads to now- me and my husband recently had a baby via IVF after 6 years trying (5 natural) I brought my son to meet the family tonight and after dinner the girls of us were in the living room ,I thought up how he was worth everything (explaining my struggles) and that I’m gonna start naturally trying soon so he will have a sibling .  Becky made a comment about why we didn’t look into adoption since the world was already over populated I told her 

 “honestly we thought about it but after all the shit you pulled I’m afraid you’re the reason i will never adopt” 

Becky yelled at me to get over it already than left and my mother said I shouldn’t of spoke to her like that so in the end I ended up leaving early too 

My siblings are on my side but my parents are extremely mad 

 

Also I’d like to point out English isn’t my first language and I’m on mobile[removed]It’s me again with another stupid clothing dilemma, yay. This happened when me (15F) and my dad (44M) went to a restaurant with my grandfather (71M) because it was my grandfather’s birthday.

I only shave my legs and armpits in the summer because shaving takes a lot of time and is as annoying as hell. My dad forces me to lift up my arms and he makes puking noises if I even have stubble. I’ve tried explaining that it’s impossible for me to get rid of all the hair. I have mostly Mediterranean ancestry so I have a lot of thick, dark hair.

I wore a new floral dress that I bought a few days before the dinner. My mom had dropped me off after we were in the car for two hours. Because of this the only shoes I had were doc martens. Not the most formal thing, but they were my only option. I shaved the night before but I missed a few spots. My dad kept saying, “you shouldn’t wear shit kickers to a nice dinner!” He has a point but I already tried to explain all of my other shoes were at my mom’s house. The dress he also complained about, and he said that my outfit made me look like Courtney Love (lol).

Then, he saw the leg hair that I missed. He told me that I looked dirty and unprofessional. As I’ve mentioned, I explained everything to my dad. However, I could have put more thought and effort into how I looked. I know that this is kind of petty, but AITA?My f29 boyfriend m32 of 5 years had an accident days ago and was admitted to the hospital. He has a knee injury nothing too serious. On his 3rd day at the hospital I got off work and went to visit him.


When I arrived his family was there too. I was told to go stand outside of the room by his family after I entered the room. I couldn't even speak to him and he was 100% awake and saw me.

I was standing there in the hallway with them completely ignoring me for 3hrs straight.
After waiting for that long I just walked out without saying a word since I didn't even think they acknowledged my presence. I went home feeling upset and his mom called to scold me for leaving like that. When I opened up to her about how felt I was constantly ignored and how felt like my presence wasn't important since they told me to wait outside she was shocked telling me this isn't about me my boyfriend just got out of a horrible situation and I should be happy and feel grateful for getting him back instead of sulking and craving attention.

She explained that my boyfriend was on medication and went on about how me leaving like that painted me in a bad light. She shamed saying I should feel ashamed of myself for not giving my boyfriend the support he obviously needed and brought an overall negative energy to the rest of the worried family members. She made me feel absolutely guilty even though she was the one who requested I wait outside but I'm not sure wether I did the right thing by leaving after waiting for 3hr straight.

Was I in the wrong for leaving? Should I have waited a bit longer?I(22M) live in an apartment with my roommate(22M). We are both attending college part-time and get along well with one another. The lease is under my name only, my roommate is not planning on living in the apartment after college. I do work night shift 3 days a week. My hours are 7PM-7:00AM. He sometimes has his girlfriend stay overnight, which is no problem as my boyfriend will stay when he visits. 

When I come home from work, I have been noticing my bed has been a mess and I've found clothing that did not belong to me in the sheets. I am awful with confronting people, but I know it's not my boyfriend as he lets me know beforehand when he is staying over. I ordered a camera and placed it in a spot where it can't be seen. I went into work and the camera app notified me that there was motion in the room. I turned the camera on and saw my roommate and his girlfriend on my bed. I was mortified and stopped watching the video. 

My boyfriend came over in the morning and I showed him the video of my roommate and girlfriend on my bed. My boyfriend texts the video to my roommate and he texts back that he wants to talk when he gets home. Roommate and I talk about the situation and I tell him that it's disgusting that he and his girlfriend are using my bed. Roommate's defense is that the bed is more comfortable than his. His girlfriend comes over in the evening and she starts attacking me for putting a camera in the apartment. 

&#x200B;

AITA for putting a camera in my bedroom?So I've always thought it's funny when dogs have human names. Much more amusing to me than giving them obvious dog names like Spike or Jellybean or whatever. Never had an issue with Brad's name being what it is until recently.

My sister got a new boyfriend, and I'm sure you can see where this is going. I don't think I even have to say his name. Well, my sister came over the other day with him and we met for the first time. Everything was all fine and good until he asked what my dog's name was. I laughed a little and said that his name was also Brad.

He looked at me for a second and asked if I was joking or not, and I told him no, his name is actually Brad. After that his whole mood flipped and the remainder of the visit just had an uncomfortable vibe. A while after they left my sister called me and started berating me for "disrespecting her boyfriend".

Honestly, this seems like such a Brad thing for him to do and I don't think I did anything wrong here, but maybe I'm wrong? Should I have lied about Brad's name so I didn't risk hurting his feelings?

Edit: Here's a picture, posted it in the comments but figured I should put it here instead. Default Brad:

http://imgur.com/gallery/8pw0j8A

Edit 2: Well, my sister saw the post and so did Brad #2. They have been bickering and apparently split up. Brad #1 and I don't want any part of that nonsense so don't call me till you figure it out, Sarah[removed]My ex wife was a SAHM during our 16 year marriage. And since we got married very young. She has very little job experience. And is in her 40s. She works at a diner as a waitress currently. She no longer receives alimony from me since she remarried, automatically stopping the payments which were originally lifetime. Due to the fact that she was in her mid 30s with no education or job experience. 


Well now that they divorced. She’s had to get a job. Since unlike with me, she didn’t get hardly any spousal support from her last husband. The thing is, she doesn’t make enough to really do much of anything. 


I have a lot of disposable income (likely more than people reading this would be willing to believe). And she has no disposable income. She fell way behind on bills and reached out to me as a last resort. 


So I asked my wife, thinking she’d say okay. She did not. And almost immediately after My ex and her car were involved in an accident. She had a hospital bill which totaled 77k. And I paid that expense, along with buying her a new car. And gave her e money to catch up on bills. With extra to pay her monthly expenses til she gets back on her feet. 


My wife was pissed when she found out. She claims my ex needs to, “fend for herself”. But my ex is only in this position because she had to drop out to take care of our baby. And ended up just staying home. When we split she didn’t have the credentials to make a living wage. I had quite literally no choice. I told her It would be cruel to watch the woman who enabled me to get to where I am suffer. She lost it, and now won’t talk to me.hi i'm 24f and have been dating my boyfriend (26m) for 5 years now. we grew up together as neighbors and were friends for a couple years before dating. i love him so much, and i want to marry him. his family is great and i adore them all, and he's great with my family too. he also formed a great relationship with my sister (21f).

the issue is that i think their bond is *too* close. my bf and i live together, but he spends a lot of time with her. albeit i am sort of busy, i’m currently in grad school for engineering so i have to go to my classes. my bf works full time. my sister is currently “taking a gap year,” but that one year has extended from when she was 18. she comes over when i’m in seminars/classes. they have tons of inside jokes and share the same sense of humor and taste in movies. it makes me feel left out, but when i try to include myself they both stop being so enthusiastic and act like it’s super awkward to have me there. my sister and i were close growing up but started drifting when i went to uni. when my bf isn’t there and i talk to her, she becomes kinda cold and sometimes says rude things. once she told me to my face that i’m not good enough for him and that he deserves better (which made me cry for a couple days). he also gets her gifts for the most random achievements (like he got her a present for “making it through the week” even though she doesn’t do anything (she isn’t currently working or trying to pursue a hobby or interest, she’s just “taking it easy” (her own words))).

don't get me wrong, i'm glad my bf and my sister are friends, but my major problem is that my bf tells her *everything.* literally everything. he tells her things he doesn’t tell me, and talks to her about me and our relationship. she knows all our issues and good parts, to a level of detail that i wouldn’t even tell my closest friends or parents. she even knows the grades i got on my midterms/finals and what i think about my manager (i work part time to contribute to our apartment - but i also get paid for my research which goes towards our needs as well), which i feel is unnecessary for her to know since i didn't tell her myself. i asked him to step back a bit and stop telling her things about me and our relationship but he was shocked and told me that i’m an asshole for even requesting it. now i feel guilty, so aita?

\------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

edit: holy crap, this blew up. thank you all for your responses and advice, you've literally made me reconsider everything that i thought i knew. the consensus is that there is something shady going on with my bf and my sister, which just makes me want to vomit. i'm now reading into every interaction and conversation and i feel so naïve for not noticing the red flags. i'm going to take your guys' suggestions and set up some nanny cams in my apartment (either way, it'll be good security). if nothing happens, then it'll be reassuring, and if something does happen...well, i'll deal with that after. i'm going to drive to the store right now to pick up the cameras - i'll try to update soon, hopefully with positive news.

\------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

edit: hi everyone, i have an update. for some reason i can't figure out how to post an actual update (and get mod approval and all that) so if you guys know how, please educate me! i'm so sorry, i should be smarter than this but i'm a bit out of it right now 😅 if i don't end up figuring it out i'll just update on this post, but i'd like to make one of those cool update posts if possible. thanks everyone again for your advice and support.

\------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

edit: the mods helped me out! thanks guys, i'll type up my update right now, so look out for it!https://www.reddit.com/user/erokelerly/comments/pp0cnb/update_aita_for_telling_my_kids_something_my/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Update on my profile! It’s short, TL;DR He grasped at straws and not much happened, sorry to disappoint.

I (38F) have three kids, 13F, two 16 year olds one male one female they are twins. All three of my kids have friend groups and are dating, 16s have been dating the same people and have been friends with generally the same group since middle late school, 13 just recently got a girlfriend and only has one friend at the moment.

Me and my husband(42) have always been fine with their partners and friends coming over as long as they shoot us a text first, our only rule is that their is no bringing a new person over every single day, no staying up past 1AM max.

Recently, my husband has been trying to change our family dynamic a lot, family breakfast and dinner instead of our usual grab and go to our room, constant outings and game nights, etc. We have family time often, but not to this extent (4-5 times a week now)

Last week, he proposed the idea of a family meeting to me. We have never had one of these, never needed to, if something needs to change we just talk about it whenever we’re all free. He discussed this to me in private, I told him I hated the idea.

The meeting was apparently supposed to be about how he no longer wanted our children to have company over and that he doesn’t want any outside kids in our house.

All of my children have very sweet friends, some of them even offer to wash dishes after dinner kind of sweet. None of them are loud, messy, bad influences, etc. Maybe a few swears and inappropriate talk, but I chalk that up to them being teenagers.

He asked me to keep this a secret, that it was mandatory, and he’d tell the kids the night before.

I was pissed I also had to be forced to a family meeting because he refused to even budge about it being mandatory so I ended up chatting to a friend about it over the phone. Turns out my 13 was listening in, and I told her about it since she asked.

My 16s then joined in, we all talked about it together and agreed it was a weird unwanted change, kids asked me to talk with him about it because they thought it was unfair they all of a sudden couldn’t have friends over for some unstated reason.

I told my husband the full story I also told him that everyone thought it was unnecessary for it to be a meeting and mandatory, that he should’ve just told us all upfront if he had an issue with any friends, etc.

Husband blew up about how this meeting was incredibly important (still refused to say why it was) and that we would all be coming whether we liked it or not no matter what. 

The meeting is in two days, I don’t want to fully blow my husband off since this is apparently important, but since he refuses to tell us all what the actual issue is.

I want to just take my kids out of the house for this appointed meeting unless he actually tells me what his issue with our children’s company is. I see no true point in it if all guests are respectful and haven’t made trouble.

(Edit; We are going to the old man’s meeting now, but if it blows up in his face and kids are upset with him, I won’t punish them for disagreeing, or even straight up telling him he’s wrong.)My ex, Cara , has a sweet, amazing daughter, Layla. I've been in Layla's life since she was 5 (now 14). We've always gotten along super well, and were ridiculously close. Layla has never met her biological father, but considers me her father, and calls me dad. I consider her my daughter.

 My ex and I planned to have more children together. Though when we were at least 30 and financially stable. Despite waiting and protection we got a false positive about 2 years ago, when we hadn't started trying yet. About a month after this Cara realised she didn't want any more children. We tried to work it out, but just couldn't because I wanted more children, while Cara didn't. Despite trying to figure it out and marriage counselling, we broke up four months ago. 

However, there was a major issue, Layla. I was legally just the mother's ex-boyfriend. My lawyer told me I have no rights to see Layla if Cara disapproves. And Cara took our separation hard. She feels I'm choosing blood over her and Layla (not it at all) and won't let me see her. I've missed them both so much, and not seeing Layla is killing me. But just giving in and going back is a bad idea, according to my therapist anyway.

This is the context to the actual event. Last month Layla showed up at my work all upset, she even skipped school to see me. She was hoping I'd come to see her and felt betrayed that i hadn't. I took her back to school and we talked. She felt abandoned, that her dad (me) didnt love or want her. I ended up telling her the truth. That I love her more than anything, and she'll always be my daughter even if I can't see her. Where I may have crossed the line is explaining how I legally cannot see her anymore without Cara's ok. And that if Cara changes her mind, I'll happily involved in her life. She seemed happier when I dropped her off, but it didn't end well.

A week later Cara called me furious. Apparently Layla had been trying to convince her to let me see her, or even take me back (I didn't ask her to, and did NOT say I wanted Cara back). Since I talked to her apparently she's refused to listen to her mother and been extremely rude and cruel. Layla is basically acting out until Cara lets me see her. Cara wants me to talk to her and end it. As I said to her, I'm happy to tell Layla to stop and be good, but I'm not going to tell her I don't want to see her. 

My parents think I'm being unnecessarily cruel to Layla. They say I'm being unfair by involving her in matters between me and Cara, and that for now I should listen to Cara and just end things. My friends have basically said they understand why I'm acting this way, but I shouldn't have given Layla 'false hope'.

I honestly just didn't want her to think I abandoned her or hated her. I love her more than anything. Clearly it hasn't gone well but I just hate the idea of lying to Layla about how I feel. Because I do want to be there for her. But maybe it was just cruel and selfish like everyone is saying. AITA

Edit: from a few messages I've seen since waking up, I think I didn't explain our relationship clear enough. We never married because we just didn't want marriage. It is a regret in retrospect, but we, especially Cara, don't really believe in the idea of marriage. Our break up was difficult. Neither of us really wanted to break up, even though we understood that we weren't compatible anymore. It did come down to me following through and ending it, but Cara did know it was coming. I did NOT blame the break up itself on Cara. We haven't told Layla the specific issue (children), but she knows that I ended it. She also is aware that it is a mutual problem, and I have never acted like it's Cara's fault we aren't together, just me not visiting.

Also, I'd be happy to contribute to Layla financially as well as physically/emotionally. I have been all this time. Cara just isn't letting me. 

Edit again: Adoption just never came up honestly. I've been her dad, and everyone knows it. We just never thought about making it legal honestly. Dumb, I know now, but I just never thought of it since our relationship was real to me.

Our counselling did discuss Layla, but while Cara was upset, we originally thought about having it relatively split, like I see her a day or 2 a week. I obviously would want 50/50, but she wasn't ok with that. Then when the split actually occured it was really hard on Cara and she apparently decided different.

Also, I did say already but it's not about blood. I literally just want a big family and multiple children. Not about blood or being biological. I'd be happy if we adopted, but Cara wants no other children whatsoever.For those who might have been confused; my(35f) husband (46M) believes that until he is 18, our son(M14) shouldn't conceal his room as he is under our care. This has been one of the things straining our relationship lately, as I think that a teen should have some freedom, maybe not completely out of our sight, but you know a door at least, but my husband keeps insisting on him having almost no freedom at all. Whenever I bring up the door thing, he just shuts me down with "this is what it'll take him to be a man" and "this is how I was raised"

So both my son's birthday and Christmas are coming up, and I decided that he should finally have a door to his room. So, I went behind my husband's back and bought a new door and hurried it to be installed while they were both away. When my son came from school he was incredibly delighted, but my husband didn't receive the news so well.

He told me that this is not the kind of decision that I should be making by myself and that I disrespected his authority, and now he is refusing to even sleep in the same bed as me. I've been wondering if this should have been a conversation rather then me disrespecting his wishes.

So am I the asshole for going behind my husband's back to get a door for my kid?So I am a 24 year old woman and my boyfriend who is 27 have begun to get more serious and he often spends the night at my flat (apartment for you Americans) as I have one myself while he has roommates, he has begun to leave clothes here as it makes sense to have some and i've even cleared out a shelf in my fridge and pantry for him to leave his favourite foods/snacks. 

That is where this issue came up however, I noticed he is quite fond of peanuts and I have a severe peanut allergy, I am worried about cross contamination in case he cooks with them one night or leaves crumbs etc out that I don't notice it could be quite bad for me.

I told him I didn't want Peanuts in the flat because of my allergies and told him I have no issue with him continuing to eat them but he'll have to do so at his own place or when out during the day and not bring any back, he has told me i'm being unreasonable and if they're in his section of things there is no risk to me as he's careful and wouldn't leave any out but it only takes one forgetful moment to be bad for me...He took this to mean I do not trust him and he thinks i'm being unreasonable, am I? I just feel he isn't taking this seriously at all...Hi I’m sorry for my punctuation before we go anywhere I’ll make it short because I know it’s a stupid thing 

So where I work I have three friends they are all obsessed with Christmas the problem is …..is 09/09/21 and they have there desk decorated already and will not for death or glory stop playing Christmas songs. 

Another coworker started a petition banning Christmas song till at least 30/11/21 when it came to me I asked is this Anonymous he said yes just sign your name so the boss knows it’s real it won’t be shown to anyone. Look I love Christmas but not in September so I signed and it got passed ,my friends marched into my bosses office and demanded to know who signed boss “left it out” and now they are mad at me for signing I have apologised for going behind there back but anytime I brought it up I was told “oh don’t be a grinch it’s fun” “ can never start to early Scrooge” I get it people love Christmas I do too but not this early 

I apologise for any spelling mistakes and grammar 

So Reddit aita for signing knowing it would affect my friends 


ETA AHHHHH THERE ARE SO MANY COMMENTS. I’m trying to keep up sorry if I don’t reply I am trying thanks for the upvotes and awardsEDIT: I have been reading through your comments for hours. Sorry if my replies dried up, today has been emotionally hard; but I promise I read and pondered every thoughtful comment you shared with me. Thank you!

I have come to the conclusion that I was right to stand up for myself when John repeatedly belittled my work and achievements, and I think we all agree that his attitude reeked of machismo. A lot of very kind people have told me I am not the asshole, thank you, but I am now convinced I was an asshole as well. For years, I felt like our relationship was somewhat unequal, but I was choosing to overlook the flaws because of a myriad of reasons. I let frustrations and resentment build up and explode, and while I think John acted very poorly in the first place, I overreacted in self-righteous rage. I treated John very poorly in return. Isn't that how wars start? Petty disagreements and skirmishes, mounting anger on both sides until both fighters believe that they are righteous.

I had been stewing in anger for days, and that is horribly unhealthy. And that anger is years of bottled feelings spilling up over something not worth that sort of reaction. I will sit John down tonight and have a long talk. I will show him this thread and we will decide how we want to proceed. The people that we are now are so different from the people we were when we got married and we started dating.

Thank you for your input. It has been difficult, but therapeutic to process all this.

-------------------

Context: I work in my own start-up, husband John works in a movie theater. Before I started my company, we both had similar income, but now I earn ~5 times as much as him. The chore dynamic at home was always heavily skewed; I'm very neat and like cooking, so I handled the lion's share of chores on top of my job. After the company started growing, John invested himself more in chores because he was staying at home due to movie theaters being closed. His workplace reopened a few months ago and he immediately stopped doing most chores.

I have been lenient and doing more than my share, since he comes home every day exhausted and complaining. After work, he does nothing but leisure, totally overlooking the fact manage our household ON TOP OF running my company. I'm kind of a doormat sometimes, so I let it go because I wanted to be kind to John. 

Last weekend, he crossed a line. I work 7 days a week, John has weekends off, and he was playing video games all day while I was working - and he came to ask me when lunch would be ready. I told him that I am very busy with work and can he cook, for once? He declined, then complained that it was so much easier in his grandfather's time, when the "homemaker" didn't do anything other than "her duties".

I exploded. We had the biggest screaming match in our lives, with him calling himself the breadwinner of the household, repeatedly hiding behind the claim that he "goes out" to work (as opposed to me working from home, which means I'm a housewife uh?). I steamrolled his claims by pointing out that I earn much more money than him, I work longer hours and still do all the chores. I told him to quit his job and dedicate all of his time to chores, since he is so enamored with the simpler times of homemakers and breadwinners - even if he became unemployed, our financial situation wouldn't change. He acted appalled.

Monday, I gave him a list of chores to do, about 2-3 hours of chores daily. He constantly complains, and I just reply with "Quit your job." I spent years doing ALL the chores on top of my job, but he whines at the prospect of doing just half. Tuesday night, he told me he refused to do the chores and I couldn't force him. I shouted him down into submission, telling him that I spent our entire common life picking up the ball that he keeps dropping, and that his choice to work an unskilled job for pocket change does not preclude him from helping *me, the breadwinner*, keep this household in shape. Yesterday, I locked up his PS5 in our safe and changed the combination.

This is not in my nature - I am usually polite and soft spoken, and I feel like an asshole when he see him looking like a sad puppy and whining that he is tired. But I just... snapped. I feel like I don't have a choice: If I let John do nothing and consider himself the breadwinner who deserves to come home to a clean house and warm meal through no effort of his own, I would lock myself into a life of servitude. Am I an AH?I (m34) have a 17 year old daughter from my first relationship. Her mom and I haven’t been together since before our daughter was born, but are still good friends and have coparented well. I’ve always had my daughter twice a week and every other weekend. 

My daughters bedroom window is connected onto our roof, which is flat, so her and her friends have occasionally went out there with blankets and food and sat and chatted. It’s not particularly high up so it isn’t hugely unsafe, but I always urge her not to do it by herself. The window is about 2ft above the roof so it’s hard getting back in if you’re short or by yourself. 

On Saturday I was out when I got a call from my daughter telling me she’d got stuck on the roof and I needed to come home immediately to come and help her. I told her that I’d be home soon but she’d gotten out there herself when I’ve told her a million times not to, so she can figure out how to get back in herself. 

I got back around two hours later and my daughter had called her mom who was absolutely furious. We live in Saskatchewan so it was cold but our daughter was fine and I told her mom that if our daughter had listened to me about not going out there, it wouldn’t have happened. 

Our daughter is fine and I wasn’t gone that long, but her mom and even my girlfriend are saying that I put my need to prove a point above my daughters well-being. AITA?

EDIT - The window is probably closer to around 4ft from the roof, typed this out quickly and didn’t think it would matter hugely to the post. My daughter is 5ft and can’t get back in the window without standing on somethingMy office is only a couple miles from my house so I usually go home for lunch every day.  Since it is so close, I have time to do the dishes, take out the trash, switch the laundry, etc, before I go back to work.  I find it's a nice use of my lunch break and helps to free up some time in the evening so I can relax more with my family.  

A couple weeks ago my wife had a few of her girlfriends over for drinks.  I was in the other room watching tv but I could hear them talking and laughing and I heard my wife make a comment about how she has me trained so well I come home on my lunch break to do the dishes and called me her "dish bitch."

It really rubbed me the wrong way.  Even if she was just joking with her friends, it felt really demeaning to me and felt like she was putting me down so that she could feel bigger in front of her friends.  

So, I didn't do the dishes or any other chores when I was home at lunch the next day.  My wife gets home from work before me every day and instead of coming home to a clean kitchen and empty sink, there are dishes piled up and the trash needs to be taken out, etc.  

When I got home my wife was doing the dishes and told me I need to give her a hand because she needs to get dinner started.  She asked if I came home for lunch that day and I said I did.  She asked why I didn't do the dishes and I told her that her "dish bitch" was on strike.  She stopped what she was doing and looked at me with her mouth open.  

I told her that yeah, I heard what she said and that I don't appreciate her putting me down to her friends just so that she can feel good about herself.  She said she was just joking around and she doesn't really think about me that way.  

I told her she would flip her shit if she heard me talk about her that way to my friends.  She said they were just joking around and it didn't mean she actually thought that.  I told her I want to believe her, but I honestly don't think she was just joking.  I told her I think I might just start going out to eat at lunch, or take a lunch to the office from now on.

She told me I was being petty and overreacting.  I told her I don't think I am.  She then asked if I was going to help her with the dishes so she can start dinner and I said "No, I don't think I will."  I told her I will play with the kids to keep them distracted since we are having a later dinner that night.  

After the kids went to bed she told me I was being an asshole about one little joke that she didn't even mean and I was blowing this way out of proportion.  I told her she knows how much she'd freak out at me if I said something like that, so I don't think I'm overreacting at all.  I told her respect goes both ways and she doesn't get to put me down to her friends to make her feel bigger.

I'm a father of 2 "Natalie" 'age 24 and "Jonathan" 'age 17. Jonathan had mobility issues throughout his childhood and it got worse as he grew up. He became a full time wheelchair user 2 years ago after he had a serious accident that left him in a worse state than he was before. Natalie moved out for college at the age of 18 and then moved in with her now ex boyfriend.


Now I need to mention that because Natalie is my oldest she had the bigger room in the house. Jonathan had the smaller room which was fine by him but now it's different. With the major changes in his life and needing a wheelchair to move around I have considered to move him into Natalie's old room that she hasn't used in years.


I first called her to let her know and she gave me the green light to go ahead and do what's best for her brother and make his life easier. I renovated it and added things in it to accommadate Jonathan's needs and it cost money. Remember that was almost 2 years ago.


Few days ago Natalie called saying she had a huge fight with her now ex after she caught him with someone and was staying at the hotel. We talked a little and she asked me to empty her bedroom and move Jonathan back to his old room because she wanted hers back and said it'd be cool if her mom and I prepare it for when she moves in with us. I was taken aback completely. I said I can't move Jonathan out since he needs the room. I explained he needs the space to move freely but she said it's her room nomatter how many years she has been away from home. I called her unreasonable and reminded her that she said I could give the room to Jonathan but she said she wants it and expects to have it back now.

We went back and forth on this issue and I refused to give it back to her. She threw a fit saying I should be supporting her and giving her shelter in this hard time and I replied I know she's struggling and she's welcome to come but the room was off limits. She got more upset saying I was favoring Jonathan over her and got my wife feeling guilty saying she will be staying at the hotel til we tell her her room was ready for her which I declined to do and said she could stay there then. This morning I found out my wife's been sending her money to pay for her hotel stay and she's been telling the family I'm keeping her out of the house. In my defense I told them Natalie wants the room but Jonathan needs it and I already spent money to renovate it.[removed]I’m the 1/3 owner of a company with 2 friends from college.  Mike and Eric. 

I run the Technology side of things, so I’m not the “face” of the company, so I rarely go into the office. 

I have a 4-year-old daughter whose father is Mike.  (We have never been in a relationship and chose to co-parent our daughter) 

Mike got into a car wreck and required surgery.  Eric was out of town.  
My nanny is on holiday break, so it’s me taking care of my daughter and trying to run a company. 

There’s a project that Mike’s working on In the office, and I have to grab it and a portable server.  

My daughter is already upset because she knows her dad is hurt.  Getting her loaded into the car to go into the office was messy.  She refused to wear matching boots and is in an elf outfit. 

At this point, I’m like, whatever, let’s go.  
The whole time in the car, she’s crying and upset.  
I get her to calm down because I told her we would grab some things from work. 

I meet our VP of operations, Adam, and everything is fine. Until my daughter realizes she left her dinosaur in the car. 

She will not be appeased.  We are in Adam’s office trying to get everything together to take to my home office.   

My kiddo will not stop crying because Sara (the dinosaur) is in the car alone, and Sara might not be able to breathe. 
Adam and I are like, “it’s ok,  Sara, it is fine.”   
I’m mortified and want to get my kid back in the car and home. 

Adam has to run to the IT department to grab a few more things for me. 
My daughter is in total toddler meltdown over Sara the Dinosaur.
A man walks by and tells me to “shut my kid up.  This is an office, not a daycare.”

I’m had it.  I told him this wouldn’t be his job if it weren’t for this child’s father or me, and he could be the one to shut up or find a new job. 

Adam comes back, and the man starts yelling at Adam about how he’s trying to work, and my kid and I won’t shut up. 

He told Adam he needed to get me out of the office. 
I’m like this is my office, and if you don’t like it, you can leave. 

Adam agrees and says I’m the owner, and there’s nothing he can do.  The man walks back to his desk. 

Adam tells me he will handle it.  Wishes me good luck with the project and sends my daughter out.

Adam fired the man for insubordination because the situation did not get better after I left and made some sexist remarks about women in business. 

I get it wasn’t one of my best days, but I’m trying to run a company and take care of my daughter in a stressful time for her.  

The man was rude, and to be honest, no matter who I was shouldn’t be telling a child to shut up.[deleted]My coworker has a sick daughter with severe psoriasis (and some other health problems) and used up her PTO this year. My coworkers started a donation campaign at work for her and she asked me to donate. I told her I’d think about it but I wanted to save my days as a few family members wanted to get together this year for Christmas. I also don’t know her well as I work in another section. My a**hole boss released an excel file of how many vacation days everyone had left (which was visible for everyone to see) and asked everyone to book the rest of their days. They could see I had a week left and she and some other older coworkers started “friendly” conversation to see if I had some family emergency worthy of taking that time of for. When I booked it for Christmas it was clear it wasn’t for emergencies so they started making rude comments about my work during meetings and leaving me out of important emails intensionally. I want to leave but I’m a new grad in a difficult field to get work in (photography) so I’m trying to get some experience. I got angry at the coworker(the one asking for vacation days) and asked her what her problem was (though I knew it was because of the vacation time). Her response? “You won’t need to ask that once you have kids”[removed][removed]I know the title is going to get people riled up, but hear me out on this. I (31f) have been dating "Dude" (29m)for 8 months. It has been great. He has a dog that is 8, that he has had since she was a puppy. I have nothing against dogs, I'm just not a fan of owning them simply because 1. I live in an apartment and I feel they need a yard and 2. I don't want to do all the clean up that is involved with them. 

He takes his dog most places with him, which is fine. She is very well behaved and has never caused any problems. In my place, I have an elderly cat as well as a guinea pig (and gerbils, 3 fish tanks, and a partridge in a pear tree). I usually go over to his place to hang out for the sake of his dog. 

The other day he offered to come over to my place to hang out and help me install a new wall mount. I said it was fine. Without asking if it was okay first or even bringing it up to me, he had brought his dog with him. My apartment doesn't allow dogs even as guests, so I had a bit of anxiety about it. His dog was doing fine, when suddenly she started barking like crazy which seemed out of character for her. Dude then said, "oh I forgot, you should put your animals away in a locked room." I asked why and he laughed and said with a smile, "*dogs name* is a murderer. She killed my ex's rabbits. She got into the cage and everything. They aren't safe until they are locked in a room."

I was pissed. He knew I had small animals. This wasn't a surprise thrown at him. And he knew about this issue, and brought his dog over without permission or warning. I told him he needed to leave now, and take the dog with him. He isn't invited over anymore. 

He got upset at me and called me a dog hater, said that is just how dogs are and I should be more accepting of her. I didn't respond, just continued to push him out the door. 

AITA here?

ETA: my friends are chipping in, telling me this is just my "anti dog mentality" coming out, and that I should be more open to "doggos". It is really frustrating. I don't understand how some people can be so love blind to a dog.

ETA2: holy shit this blew up. I'm on break so work rn but a quick answer to to question many have raised about what if when the time came for us to move in togerher: moving in with a partner is not an end game goal for me with relationships. In all of my relationships, even serious and long term, I have preferred to love separately, so the pets having to live together would never be an issueMe and my partner have been together for 8 years, married for 2 of them.

5 years ago we bought a home together a small 2 bedroom unit just to see if we could coexist without killing one another with the intention of only staying a few years before we got married and then upgraded to something larger.

3 years on we had enough of a deposit to do just that when my partners mother came to us asking for help. She wanted to buy a place but didn't have anything in the way of savings. she was tired of renting as it was becoming more and more expensive.

We talked about the issue knowing that if we agreed to help it meant delaying our own upgrade buy a further 3 years at minimum. with some hesitation on our part we never the less did the right thing and helped out his mother by giving her 90k (the sum total of all our savings at the time, making it clear it was just a loan) and she bought a place also with the aid of her other son.

Recently my partner has been talking to me about getting my name taken off the documentation to the house (so it is only her name and 2 sons on all the paperwork) . I know his mother has been in his ear about it because he only ever brings it up after a solo visit to her.

For a while I avoided the conversation but recently my husband has had an actual conversation with a lawyer to draw up paperwork to have my name legally removed.

When I found out I told my husband we needed to have a serious talk and I told him honestly that I would not remove my name from the documentation because, to date his mother has not paid either of us back a single cent of the money we lent her.

This angered my Husband who said I had agreed to take my name off the documentation that's why he spoke to a lawyer in the first place. When I insisted I never agreed and that I was just protecting us both by insisting our names stay on all the documentation he called me paranoid that his mother would never cheat us.

Now I feel guilty, AITA for refusing to remove my name from the documentation seeing as I did help pay for the place she bought, and without our help she would still be stuck renting.

&#x200B;

Edit - UPDATE

Hey Everyone. I am getting a lot of messages asking for updates. It has been almost a month since I put this post up and quite a few things have changed.

First off I went through all my emails and text messages. Anything that mentioned money, my MIL's property or talking to a lawyer or bank, anything that was signed I made sure to print off a copy and put it in a folder, and I have asked my Parents to keep this folder at their place as my back up.

Secondly me and my Husband had a long talk, I asked him to listen to a scenario then give me his opinion. In this round about way he came to see and understand things from my perspective and has agreed my name will remain on all documentation until we have been paid back. (no payment schedule has been made yet but we are talking about it at least) He has also told his mother the same and she has stopped asking for my name to be removed.

To be very clear. And this hurt to ask him. But we are not getting divorced. My husband doesn't want to leave me. And NO I will not divorce him.

Thirdly, The situation with my BIL living with us, on top of everything else. Well this week he was fired from work and he hid it from everyone. Now before people start downing him I kind of see him being fired as a good thing for the following reasons. He was forced to look for work elsewhere, he chose to look for a place closer to where his mother lives and succeeded. This means he will be moving back in with his mother (I am very happy about this) With his new job he also got a pay rise and a few more hours as well as a rotating roster so he has one weekend off a month. something he didn't have at his last job.

While things have not been resolved fully with MIL, at least between me and my hubby we have open communication once more. Still I would like to thank everyone who gave me there input. It made the feelings of guilt go away and it also made me feel secure and brave enough to have the open and honest discussion I needed with my husband.[removed]I got hired for this salaried job where they really hyped up the work life balance and reasonable hours in the job interview. Like the way that they never expect people to stay late or work on weekends or holidays. 

That turned out to be BS. My boss got my personal phone number off my resume from when I applied and after not long he was blowing up my phone on nights and weekends asking me to come work.

I'd always not answer then when he'd ask on Monday why I wasn't answering my phone, I'd pull out my work phone like "sorry, are you sure you had the right number? I'm not seeing any missed calls" and he'd often say he called my own cell so I'd say that I don't really use it much, I leave it home a lot, and when I do check it I've usually got like 40 missed calls and my voicemail is always full so I probably miss stuff unless I'm expecting a call at a certain time. And that if he needs to reach me he should try my work phone because I'm very careful to follow up on any call to that within 1 business day.

He asked me how he could reach me outside of 9 to 5 because he sees I leave my work phone on my desk at night and over the weekend. I said that honestly I'm not glued to any phone on the weekend so if he needs me to take a call on the weekend, could he make it a meeting request and put it on my calendar, so I know to be available. Or if I know I won't be available to take a call, I can suggest an alternate time to call. 

He said that wasn't really gonna work for him, more often things come up last minute and when he calls people on the weekend it wasn't planned. And that he's not calling for a teleconference meeting, he's calling asking people to come in. 

I said that on the weekends I usually have commitments that were made one to three weeks out and I'm not often able to cancel a previous commitment with under a day notice. So if he needs me in on a weekend it'd be best if he could schedule that three weeks out so that I know not to make conflicting plans.

He said that wasn't possible and I said okay, he could try and reach out and I'd answer the phone if I heard it ringing, but I wasn't always on the phone so I might not catch it always

Anyway, I've gone back to ignoring his calls and my coworkers have gotten kinda frustrated with me saying that coming in on weekends is part of the job and that I wasn't pulling my weight. I said that I don't know what job they signed on for but in my job interview I was promised regular hours and took my pay based on regular hours so I'm working regular hours. 

My coworkers got frustrated and said that if everyone did what I was doing nothing would get done. I said maybe nothing should get done then, if it's coming at the cost of y'all not being home for dinner with the family. 

I don't really think my coworkers see it as an option to say no, so they're angry at me because I'm doing it and they're not comfortable doing it 

AITA for not working evenings or weekends?[removed]I live in student housing, and as can be expected, loud parties are quite common. There is a number to a security company you can call if there are disturbances after 10pm, and I am a frequent caller of this number as I refuse to tolerate loud music and screaming when I'm trying to relax or sleep.

Now here's the thing about calling the security company: they send a security guard to stop the disturbance, and then the people causing the disturbance are charged for their time.

Recently, debate sparked on the community Facebook group when another student made a post with a picture of the bill they received after a disturbance call (they were billed roughly 170$). The post read something like "please remember that you live in a student area and go talk to the people causing the disturbance before you call security, as they probably don't have the funds to spare for a disturbance call, and will keep it down if you ask". 

I mentioned that perhaps they shouldn't have a loud party after 10 pm if they didn't want to pay the price, and that it's not my responsibility to get up in the middle of the night to ask them to keep it down when they shouldn't even be making noise in the first place. 

I was immediately called an asshole who shows no consideration for other people's situations.

So, AITA for calling security on student parties, even though I know they'll be charged for the disturbance? 


Note: I don't live in the US. Even though students here tend to live on a tight budget, they're not automatically dirt poor and in debt up to their ears.


ETA: I tried talking to the people partying twice when I first moved in, but literally nothing happened, so I gave up and started calling security instead.

ETA: It's not the same people partying every time, and it can be people in my building or in the surrounding buildings. I live in an area with 2000 student rooms and apartments so there are plenty of people wanting to party. Depending on the time of year the parties can happen as often as once or twice a week.
The rule in the housing area is "no noise after 10 pm" but I usually don't call until I try to go to sleep and can't because of the noise.My BF (34) of 3 years just moved in to my (32F) 3 bedroom home 5 months ago. This home has been in my family for the past 70 years. I have a 5yo son. He has a 13yo daughter. I made sure I moved all of my stuff out of my office and put it in the loft so she could have her own bedroom. I think it was about a month in to him living here that his daughter wanted to move in with us full time- as she doesnt have her own bedroom at her moms. I was completely fine with this. 

Anyways, I started running in to a lot of problems not even a week after she moved in full time. She became really...entitled and demanding. Like demanding that my son trade rooms with her because it has a bigger closet and pitched a huge fit when I said no. Or demanding we buy her expensive clothes or makeup because I'm a real estate agent and I "have loads of money". Call me crazy but I'm not about to drop $120 on a pair of ripped up jeans or drop $200 on 3 pieces of makeup. Her dad works but his income is significantly less than mine so she really just expected me to be the one who spoils her rotten. Or pushing her plate of food away and saying "I'm not eating that but you can cook me something else." I can deal with her childish tantrums and slamming doors but she has now started to put holes in my walls and my BF makes excuses saying he used to do the same thing and she will grow out of it. She torments my son. If he says anything to her she literally ALWAYS responds with "Oh you're talking to me? Swap rooms with me and I will think about responding." Her dad literally never attempts to correct her behavior and I'm told I'm being too harsh if I do. 

The tip of the mountain for me here was 2 weeks ago there was a foul smell coming from her room so I asked her to clean it because you couldnt see the floor. She said "Uhm no? It's my room so I dont see why you have any say on how I treat my personal space." Her father actually agreed with her. 3 days later the smell had become so bad that I lost it. I told her to clean it or she was moving out. This was AFTER I saw at least 6 used menstrual pads thrown throughout her room as well as half eaten food and moldy drink cups. She starts crying and saying I'm treating her like she is Cinderella and I'm acting like an evil step mom. I told my BF either he handles it or they're both gone. He clearly didnt believe me because he told me that I needed to "lighten the fuck up" because his daughter is "having a rough time transitioning and being away from her mom". I gave it a week, nothing changed. I went and got an eviction notice drawn up and gave them 30 days to vacate my property and told him hes lucky I'm not suing for damages. He says I'm an AH for throwing away 3 years because I "cant handle not having my own way". AITA?I got married 2 years ago to the love of my life. I feel like my mom doesn't really like her, but the relationship is mostly ok. Honestly I have a feeling since I got married I've been left out of a lot of stuff, but the only one I can prove is my mom's birthday trip. To be clear no one is straight up rude, but it is clear my mom and wife don't vibe and the rest of the family seems meh about her, which does make me sad.

My mom has a wall with a lot of pictures on it. There are plenty of pictures of my sister's partner and there are pictures of extended family but not a single one of my wife. My mom has pictures of her, because some of these were taken at events we were at, but she just choses the ones without my wife. Honestly this is not something I would have picked up on, but my wife did and it bothered her. my wife's family is HUGE on family, and while I don't think my MIL loves me, she definitely includes me in everything.

I brought it up to my mom and she said she hadn't noticed. I said I didn't really believe her and she shrugged and said my wife isn't her daughter. I pointed out that my sister's partner isn't her son or my aunt's husband isn't her brother, but she has pictures of them. My mom said it was her house and the whole conversation is dumb. I said she can't exclude the love of my life, and my mom said this is a really pathetic thing to care about and we are being weird.

My wife was upset and feels like it was a clear statement, so I told my mom she could either put up some pictures of my wife, or we wouldn't be coming over. My mom said ok, don't come over. That was probably 4-5 months ago. I checked up about Christmas and asked if she had put up even one picture. my mom said no, she wasn't going to, we can't make her, and just don't come to Christmas and see if she cares.

Well we won't be going to Christmas, but my sister is super pissed at me and thinks I'm an entitled asshole and I heard my stepdad was making fun of us. I don't feel too bad because everything I've read online talks about you have to be a united frontSorry for the formatting and my writing, english is not my first language

My husband (29M) and I (28F) have been living here for 5y, ever since we married. Our previous neighbours were an adorable couple in their 60’s-70’s, we had a fairly good relationship and was kinda sad when they left. This year I gave birth to my son (6mo). When my new neighbours (lets call them Paul and Anna) moved in I was 2 months pregnant. We weren't friends but we would say hi to each other here and there.

I sunbathe everyday, it's something I have been doing since childhood. I was a very anemic kid and my mom made me do it to help with my anemia. I don’t even know if it works, but it is a habit that helps me start my day. This was not a problem until my pregnancy became apparent.

The left side of the yard has two kinds of fences, one low (1,5m) that used to have a hedge on the neighbour side (that they cut off) and one taller (2m) in the rest of the backyard. It's hard to see it from the ground, but they still can see our whole yard and part of our main floor from they second floor.

When I was 5 months pregnant Paul told my husband that my sun bathing was making them uncomfortable. I sunbathe in shorts and tank tops, nothing out of the ordinary, I just ignored them and kept my routine. The following month he did it again. Until my 8th month, I was back from a walk with my husband, and Anna was in the front of the house, once she saw me she stormed inside and slammed the door. The following day Paul came to our house and told us that they have fertility problems and seeing me pregnant was making her heavily uncomfortable, and I was a insensitive bit**.

Currently I am working from home and the baby is close to me in a playpen in the living room, and we have another in the backyard on the terrace. So I can have him close when gardening or just playing with him.

Well I made his wife uncomfortable again yesterday. I was in the living room playing with the baby when he knocked, he asked me to move from the living room because his wife could see me from their balcony. I told him to tell her to look in the other direction and leave me alone.

Today, my husband and I were grilling some meat in the backyard. The baby was hungry so I started to breastfeed. When I looked at their house Ana was on the balcony, she went in and a few minutes later Paul was at our door again. I gave my son to my husband and I answered the door. Paul went off on me for breastfeeding in public (again my fenced yard) and being inconsiderate.

When he finished I told him to leave us alone, don't knock on my door again, and if his wife is so upset over seeing a baby she needs therapy and not him harassing my family. And I will do everything I want in my own home. At the time I felt justified but I was venting with my mom and she told me I was wrong, and I couldn't understand because I never suffered from infertility and I need to apologize. So AITA?

Edit:
I sat down with my husband to talk about the precautions. I was so annoyed that I wasn't thinking about the risks. We will be installing cameras and a taller fence. Unfortunately they vision from the balcony will stay the same because the city won't let us build taller than 4 meters. But this is will help anyway. I called my dad to get some help with the fence, and he ended up talking to my mom. She called and apologized, she suffered from infertility and postpartum depression, when I spoke to her she felt Anna's pain, but she also remembered some crazy things she did at the period and gave me some extra precautions to take.

About the restraining order, we called our lawyer, he told us to get a few footages, because until now we only have our word and our others neighbors testimony. And if he show up again to record it and call the cops, if he came to my house 5 times to call the cops each time. But still will be hard to get one.

Thank to all of you for your responses, i didn't finish reading but all of yours advice was more than useful!I (25F) moved back in with my mother during the pandemic to help her with something. I'm in the process of finding my own place now that she's better, but still live with her right now, but I must emphasize that I didn't move in because of financial hardship and she needed me more than I needed her.

Mom (56f) has a friend, Mel (45f) with a chronic disease. Mel and I have never got along, not since the first time we met when she showed up to my mom's house dating a man half her age and I asked if he was her son, and then she forced my mom to make me apologize to her in public. Mel is a deeply insecure woman who pretty much has no friends other than my mother. Mel is always bugging my mom to throw her parties, trying to get my mom to drive her places when she's not feeling well and trying to invite herself over my mom's place because she's lonely. I don't like Mel, and I avoid her; I avoided her when I was younger, didn't even pay any mind to her when I became an adult and moved out, but unfortunately since I'm with my mom she's also back in my life. Still, the only times I really hear about Mel is when my mom is done talking to her over the phone and she then subsequently whines to me about how draining it is to listen to Mel's problems.

It was quite a surprise to me when I came home from a day out to find Mel in my mom's house sobbing. Before I could ask what's up, mom told me that Mel's chronic disease has progressed to the point where she may need new organs. I get it, that's rough, and I don't begrudge Mel for coming to my mom for support even if I personally didn't want to host her. But without skipping a beat, Mel asked if I could get tested to see if I could donate an organ to her.

And just as quickly as Mel said that to me, I loudly responded "Absolutely fucking not!" Mom yelled at me, Mel started crying, and I just turned right around and left. I got home later in the day and my mom was fuming at me and said I owed Mel an apology. I told my mom that asking for one of my fucking **organs** is more invasive than asking to fuck me. Mom explains that Mel was very distraught by the news and I should cut her some slack, and I said that I cut her slack by leaving and giving her space but owed her no apology. Was I the asshole for loudly refusing to get tested to donate an organ to someone I can't stand?I (30f) am currently in a fight about this with my partner (35m). 
We’ve been together for about four years now, and a version of this conversation seems to happen a couple times a year. It always, *always* goes like this:


Him: what do you want for Xmas?

Me: *gives specific answer*

Him: cool, send me a link.

Me: *sends link*

Him: you know, I have an old one of those I could fix up for you instead.

Me: Well… I really like *this* one because of the color / shape / size/ matches my stuff / have already done the research / etc.,  and I was thinking of getting it for myself anyway; you don’t really have to.

Him: But I could just give you this one, that’s sitting here unused. 


I should mention that we both have well paying jobs, and are childfree. We split bills and mortgage and have savings. We’re not rich, but money has not been an issue; we are fortunate. We can do ‘nice’ things like eat take out or go on a small vacation every once in a while. And we communicate well; he admits he needs guidance thinking of gift ideas for people. 

I usually give in because I don’t want to seem wasteful or spoiled. I don’t need any gifts from him at all, but he always insists for bdays and xmas so I try to be honest and name something I would actually use that’s not too expensive, so it’s easy for him. But he always gets me a hand-me-down, thrifted, imitation brand or jerry-rigged version. One year I pointed out a $75 used bike in a shop. He gave me his old bike. (He’s 6’5”.  I’m 5’4”.) Last year I asked for a hot stone massage at a spa, he gave me some massage oil and a ‘coupon’ for a massage from him. How can I say no to that without sounding ungrateful? (It was lovely, but it was not a real massage, lol.)

So now, just this evening he asked again.
Me: Well, I have been browsing a new tent for camping this summer - a dome one so we don’t have to stoop inside as much when we—

Him: Oh cool! My dad has a tent he doesn’t use anymore!

Me: … … Is it a dome tent?

Him: (laughing) no, it’s his old army tent—

Me: (exploding) why even ask me what I want if it doesn’t matter what I actually want - sometimes I just want what I want!

Him: Whooooa, you should hear yourself, ‘I want, I want!’ (backs away with his hands up)


I’m sitting in our room alone feeling like a selfish asshole while he Calls all of the Duties downstairs. He plays that when he’s pissed.


**UPDATE:** 
*I have found and purchased a copy of Orc Slayer.* 

Not sure how to deliver this to him in the most effective way (and selfishly, the most entertaining way for me. I had a shitty night.) 

He slept downstairs in the living room last night and went to work this morning. I didn’t wake up when he came in the bedroom to get ready, so I woke up to an empty house and a bunch of really supportive comments — thank you all so much. ~~I’ll show him some of them and see what he thinks.~~ We usually have good conversations about other differences of opinion, it’s really just this stupid “him getting me stuff I don’t want” issue that has been a consistent problem. And because it’s the only real disagreement we have, I have always felt really privileged and spoiled to be upset about it. So thank you for showing me that it’s okay to “want what I want.” 

**ONE MORE THING** 
*I just bought myself the dome tent! I selected the gift wrapping and added a note that it was from Santa. I’m so excited!!!!!* Thank you all so so so so much for giving me the push to do it!  

I’ll post an another, real update after xmas.My parents have always favored my younger brother. I was by no means unloved. But it was blatantly obvious who they cared about more. I worked a part time job to get my first car, but my brother got one as a present. It wasn't new, but was much newer than my car. It was the same with just about anything else, like clothes, video games and cell phones.

I'm 18 and am taking a gap year before community college to work a full time job and save money for tuition. But a while back I heard my parents talking about how much they were going to pay for my brother's tuition. I secretly recorded the conversation from around the corner and then came out asking my parents why they were gonna pay for my brother's college, but not mine. They didn't notice my phone was recording and just said that my brother needs more help. I asked how so when I wasn't getting any sort of scholarship, and he likely wouldn't either. Then I asked a few more questions about why things have always been this way. They got mad and my father told me that perhaps it's time I moved out because they are sick of keeping a roof over my head. I pointed out I pay rent. But they didn't care.

I left the room and in a fit of rage uploaded the video to two different social medias I have and ranted about how this is how my parents have always been. Well a few hours my parents were pounding at my door. My dad was screaming at me about how I made them look bad. We fought some more and they left the room fuming.

My grandparents contacted me later and said they were appalled, then came to visit with a lot of the family the next day. There was a huge family intervention and my parents were made to sit on the couch and look at their feet while being told off. It was then I found out they'd been receiving money for years from my grandparents to help with family expenses. My brother looked like he didn't know what to do. So he sided with the rest of the family and said he's noticed how I'm treated as well. My parents gave me a huge apology that sounded forced.

My grandparents have offered that I come live with them soon and will cut off the monthly payments to my parents, my father told me I should have never told the rest of the family and now won't talk to me, and my mother has been crying for days. So I'm starting to wonder if I went to far.

So AITA for exposing my parents favoritism?My son Alex 16 *hates* school. He hates his classmates. He's not a fan of his teachers, and he doesn't find any joy there. I get it. School is kinda a bummer. His grades are phenomenal for how he feels about school. He's a B to C average student and has a pretty good GPA. He doesn't plan on going to college and plans on going to Trade School and eventually opening his own Skateboard shop (he's already started working on this and is doing good work). One of his teachers Mr. "G" recently touched base with me about Alex and how he doesn't feel Alex is applying himself and how I must want him to do better and push harder. I asked if Alex was failing and simply put he's not. In *any* class. 



I told him that Alex is a happy kid at home, gets along with his stepmom and I. Loves his dogs, his baby sisters and is well rounded. He just *doesn't like* school and isn't gonna go above and beyond for something he isn't committed to. Mr. G asked if that's really an acceptable lifestyle for him and I told him outright that my sons home life being good matters more than how well he decides to do in school. In the most teacherlike way he told me I'm failing Alex and that this type of mentality is gonna ruin his future.  Of course Alex's mom was informed of this and agrees that because Alex is with me full time I need to prioritize his school life or else I'm failing him. Am I though?


INFO: Alex has ADHD (he's medicated) , he has friends just not many in school (they don't share the same classes). His GPA is 2.8-2.9 He, gets MOSTLY Bs , and at worst Cs. He's not some loser dropout,  he shows up, does the work, does the homework. He doesn't do office hours or extra credit (the reason his teacher believes he's not applying himself). He's not flunking, he's just average. I don't know why Reddit thinks anything lower than a 4.0 means you're a failure. This isn't even his entire high-school career GPA, this is just THIS year.

FINAL EDIT: I'm leaving this post for a bit so I don't get defensive and hopefully by the time i get back I'll have a verdict. But what I do wanna say as my final reasoning behind all this is. I WANT my son to have dreams. I want him to believe in those dreams and pursue them. I want him to have a chance at pursuing this before he gives up. I want him to put his heart into his dreams and his own happiness. My parents forced me to go to college for 6 years and I was miserable and in debt. If I can help my son escape that path I want to, but if it's going to hurt my son I'll accept that I must change my parenting.

•••for the love of all that is good *TEACHER •••[deleted]Throwaway Account:

Me (25F) and my Husband "Marcus" (28M) have beautiful 2 month old daughter. Background: About a year ago, my little brother "Jacob" (17M) came to stay with Marcus and I. My Mom said that she and Jacob were constantly fighting, so Jacob asked if he could stay with us until he goes off to College. I was a bit hesitant at first, but Jacob is my brother and I wanted to help him out.

For the past year everything has been going fairly well...until yesterday. Marcus was at work while Me, Jacob, and my daughter were all at home. I asked Jacob if he could keep an eye on my daughter for a few minutes while I was in the bathroom. After I walked out of the bathroom, I saw Jacob playing with my daughter. He was at the top of a long staircase, before I could blink, Jacob stumbled and my daughter came barreling down the stairs like a rag doll.

I started crying hysterically and bolted over to the bottom of the stairs. After I got a closer look, it turns out that it wasn't my daughter, it was one of my nieces baby dolls wrapped in my daughter's blanket. My mind was blank, I looked up and saw Jacob cracking up, saying he "can't believe that worked." I snapped! I started screaming at him and told him that he was "beyond fucked up!"

Jacob tried to calm me down, he said it was just a joke and that my daughter was safe and sound in her room. I was inconsolable at this point, I told him to just pack his shit and get out! Jacob started crying, he begged me to let him stay and said that he didn't mean any harm. I called my Mom and told her that she needed to come pick up Jacob, or he's gonna be on the streets!

My Mom came and got Jacob, but she later called me and said that I was massively overreacting. Even Marcus agrees with my Mom, he says that Jacob is a dumb teen and should be given a second chance. Now that I'm in a calm state of mind, I'm starting to doubt my reaction, and I'm wondering if I went too far. AITA?I(26M) and my wife(22F) have been married for a year. 

She usually takes an extremely long time to get dressed and sometimes if she's not happy with the look she'll ask me to wait and wear another dress and do the makeup again. 
So we most often get late to events. Today, I had to go to my best friend's home for his wedding anniversary. So I told her to get ready on time. I even reminded her like 4 hours prior, I got her a salon appointment, etc. 
As usual she was running us late. My friend and his wife were stalling the celebratiom just for me. 
I got mad at my wife and told her to find a way to my friend's place herself and that I was leaving without her. 
She requested me to wait for her but I just left without her. 

She didn't come at all and called me saying she doesn't want to come on her own because she doesn't want all the attention to be on her due to being late. 

I told her to do as she pleases and that she needs to be punctual if she wants to come somewhere with me. She started crying and cut the call. 

AITA?[removed]My BF and I are in our early 30s. We’ve been together for several years but he doesn’t wanna get married. So I found out that he apparently has decided to take tennis lessons. I figured alright. 


I didn’t think they’d be overly expensive. Well I looked at the bank statement and he’s apparently had 4 4 hour sessions that have costed us 2400$ total. Now let me clarify that we are not rich. 


He doesn’t understand why I’m mad. And he says that if he had a job I wouldn’t care. And I guess in a way he’s right. But I’d still be uncomfortable with it. He says he enjoys it. 


But it’s 150$ an hour, and for some reason they’re 4 hours long. That’s 600$ a session on Tuesdays and Thursdays. That’s ridiculous. 


AITA for saying my BF couldn’t take tennis lessons because I can’t afford them? I know it sounds silly. But I think I may be since I only really care cause it’s my money he’s using. And we’re supposed to be partners. (He proposed, but there’s no paper. Since he didn’t want that). But it just rubs me the wrong way. And I did tell him he could spend my money like it was his own. But this sort of contradicts that. 


**As for the, “what is he contributing?” questions: he does literally everything at home. I mean every single chore you can think of. From cooking to taking out the trash. There is absolutely no household task that hasn’t already been done when I’m home. It’s kind of amazing honestly. From dishes to mopping. To grocery shopping to fixing the steering box(?) on my car.**


**No, I am not 100% sure they’re tennis lessons. But that’s what he said. And I trust him.**


**Im not gonna be giving him money for the tennis lessons anymore**

**Wow, TYSM for all the people who took the time to comment**

My daughter (26) is adopted. She started meeting her bio family afte she had her son 3 years ago. I never went against her decision to have her bio family in her life I've always encouraged her to give them a chance espacially her bio mom. But I noticed I was being gradually pushed to the side. Not just me but the family too. No more sunday dinners no more trips no more pictures and not even weekly phonecalls like we used to have.

I figured she was busy being a mom and she confirmed that but her facebook page showed me otherwise. There were tons of pictures of her visiting her bio family and tons of pictures with my grandson. I realized she was making excuses to skip family time with us to be with her bio family more. whenever her dad and I brought this up with her she'd turne it into an argument in which she'd call us too sensitive or too jealous or not giving her space to get to know her bio family better. We had one big argumeny and she never spoke again after she said nomatter how much love and eagerness we show her her bio family's love is greater and more natural. She stayed gone for months until her husband Thomas who's always been struggling with heart condition gotten worse. He is in the end stage of heart failure and is required to have an LVAD implant but my daughter can not afford it. Lately she's been coming over a lot to talk about Thomas' condition. We do what we can to comfert her but she brought up the piece of land we have for my 14 year old son's education. I refused to even have this conversation but she kept pushing for us to sell the land and help her get the device. I said I was sorry but that will go to her brother who sees me and her dad as his parents and isn't willing to replace us like she did and told her to go ask her bio family for the money. She was shocked and said that she couldn't believe how conditional my love for her was and that I care more about being petty then my grandson's future with both parents not a widowed mother. She started crying calling us unsupportive and that this is the time we show her we're truly family instead of showing conditional love and act petty at her husband's expense. I said I'm sorry about Thomas but that is all I had to say. She left and we haven't heard from her since then.

My husband says Thomas and our grandson are innocent and maybe we should help out now then settle our conflict later but that is a lot of money that I feel I'm not obligated to give even without the whole drama from her bio family. I'm upset but I don't resent my daughter as she's struggling with a lot but at this point I feel like she's only keeping us around for money given that we paid for many things in the past while her bio family did nothing.My daughters (11/10) both have purple hair. They love it this way and have been getting it dyed since they were 6 (with caution). They were invited to a little girl's birthday/Halloween party under the condition they have their hair dyed a natural color. I asked why and the mother insisted their hair would take away from birthday pictures cause they'd draw attention. I asked if my daughters could just not be in the pictures and she said there's no way to guarantee that and to either dye their hair a "normal" color or they can't come. I said fine (this was like October 8th maybe the 9th) so I decided to throw a party for my daughters on Halloween since they won't be able to go to that one and invited her classmates (the girl was in a completely separate class). We had the party; cake, bounce house, candy piñata and all that cool jazz. The girls had a blast and I posted a few pictures online.

Apparently this was the wrong move cause the little girl's mother saw my post and asked what right I had to steal her daughter's moment from her. Her daughter saw the pictures and was upset she didn't get to come to the party because they didn't have the things we did. Her mother said I was an asshole for one upping her just because my kids couldn't come to their party and that if I really wanted them there I would've just dyed their hair. AITA?

INFO:The invite was on the 8th as was the hair dye request. A week after we RSVPed in the negative. I planned a Halloween party on the same day , October 31st / Halloween.  I did not throw a party on some obscure day that happened to be her birthday for the giggles and the pettys, it was a Halloween party on Halloween.

INFO PT2: That lady is in a completely different tax bracket than me. She had a pony, assorted teas catered and a wagon ride as well. The party I threw was a Frankenstein bounce house my husband had from a few Halloweens ago, a few piñatas from party city and like $120 of candy and about $100 in snacks and some basic carnival games (corn hole,balloon darts, sack race). -for those who where wondering what the difference between the parties were-I got engaged about a month ago, and my fiancé and I recently set a date for late 2023. Everyone is excited, especially my mom, and in my opinion she’s using her excitement as an excuse to ignore boundaries, but everyone (other than my fiancé) is insisting I’m in the wrong here, so I’ve come to Reddit for help. 

My mom’s friend is a hairdresser. My mom has been going to her for at least 25 years, and I grew up having this woman (I’ll call her Stacy) do my hair. Stacy was great when I was a kid, but as an adult woman, Stacy is… well, she’s very nice, but sometime in the past few years she’s been incapable of doing my hair. A few examples have been:

- I asked for curtain bangs and left with straight across seven-year-old bangs

- I asked Stacy not to use heat on my hair (trying to protect my natural curls), and Stacy told me I didn’t have curly hair and straightened it anyway 

- “Jokes” about checking in with my parents to make sure they “approved” what I was doing to my hair (this lasted until I stopped seeing Stacy at 22)

- The last straw was asking for a caramel balayage and leaving with level 7 or 8 highlights with a money piece because “this looks better, trust me”. She didn’t say anything to me about changing the color to look better, she just did it

So, when my mom asked if I wanted Stacy to do everyone’s hair and makeup, I said no. However, my mom kept asking. I’m not exaggerating when I say she asked almost fifteen times in two weeks, and each time I said no. Eventually my mother and I came to the consensus that the wedding would be too far away from Stacy to even ask. I thought that was that. 

The next day, my mom called. She had asked Stacy to do everyone’s makeup and hair, and Stacy had accepted! Wasn’t I excited? I reminded her that I had said no, and that even though she had asked Stacy, my answer was still no. My mom just hung up, and I haven’t heard from her since.

My dad and brother, however, are blowing up my phone. They say mom has been consoling Stacy this whole time, and I’m acting like a cold-hearted brat. They think once mom asked Stacy I should have just sucked it up, because Stacy is Mom’s friend, and I’ve really hurt her by excluding her. Who cares if she screws up hair/makeup? It’s just hair, and it’s just one day. Im being a bridezilla, and it’s only a month in.

Am I being an asshole about this?[removed]My (37m) family comes from and is a long line of doctors, being a doctor is the only acceptable profession in their eyes and anything aside from that is met with literal abandonment.

Which is what happened to me when I turned 17 and told my family I was NOT going to be a doctor but to build an acting career / social media career (youtube wasn't huge then) and supplement my income with small business endeavours. When I told my family this they kicked me out and we subsequently lost contact for 17 years.

During time they moved to the UK and my sister became a doctor and my older brother got into a very competitive stream for surgery (neurosurgery specialising in spinal tumour diagnosis and removal), which he has now finished. We reconnected when COVID hit and they told me they were moving back to Sydney for lifestyle reasons and because my brother has found a $750k a year job.

During the last 2 years they never asked me how my acting career / social media stuff went, and basically assumed I was just slumming in it Sydney. To their credit they were correct in that I didn't "make it big" in acting (maybe the world wasn't ready for a main stream leading role Indian...),  or make it at all. I did however "make it big" as an investment banker and recently made partner at the bank I work.

This came to head on Friday when I met them for house shopping (I walked to meet them, and when they asked about my car, I just said I preferred to walk), and they realised the areas they wanted to live; despite being highly paid medical professionals, simply wasn't going to be happening, as the houses cost north of $20m. When we decided to call it a day and regroup they suggested going to my place before going out to dinner.

When we arrived at my house they thought I was renting a room and enquired how much rent was, I informed them that I wasn't renting and that this was my house. They lost their shit, accusing me of lying to them for years and only meeting up to rub their face in my "probably illegally gained" wealth, and capped it off by informing me that they'll be living with me now instead of with my oldest brother, since they can't be seen living in a worse house then their son.

I laughed at them and reminded them that they bet on my brother and sister not me, and that they have a better chance of living with my neighbours than me. At that point they threatened to "cut me out of their will", to which I reminded them of the fact that they can't even afford to buy it my area, so their will and assets don't really matter to me.

Now they aren't talking to me, and my brother and sister are saying I should have been proactive in letting them know of my success (I have a public linkedin profile, so they literally never googled me).

Edit. Getting a lot of hate about including the terms social media influencer in my post. To clarify, this was 19 years ago, and I believe social media influencer is probably the updated term for socialite. I wanted to be famous, but I had no real skills or plan ad to how I was going to achieve that goal... like most social media people.

Edit 2. A lot of people are critical that my family just kicked me out or that it's unlikely a parent would do this. Obviously I wasn't a great child in their eyes in general and this was the final straw so to speak. Also desi parents are a different level of parents... from washing your fathers feet, to not speaking unless spoken to, not allowed to talk to opposite sex and viewing the head of house as an almost God figure, it's a bit different. Desi parents are also incredibly strict, not like your room needs to be clean strict, but like clean the entire house, wash the cars, wash iron everyone's clothes or you are getting beaten with a broom.

For the people talking about house prices, yeah Sydney is wack, House prices jump around a bit too of course, but generally speaking if you live in a house on the harbour it's wasn't cheap. Our former PM lived in a $70m to $90,? House at Point piper.So I'm a 24 year old who moved out of their parents place a couple years back.  My parents are terrible people and we're very cruel  to me and my brother growing up. I've very much enjoyed the space to myself and it has been the only time in my life I've truly felt safe.

My twin brother (Zack )  didn't move out and was also pretty miserable living with my parents.   About 8 months ago he asked if he and his GF (Kat) could stay with me for a while, as he started school a couple years after me and isn't financially in a place where he can afford his own place. Knowing how shitty my parents are, and how much of a good guy and gal Zack and Kat are it really wasn't much of a decision. I just told them to chip in when they can and as long as I'm not paying for their food or anything like that it's chill for the time being.

Things have been fine and Zack and Kat have been nothing but respectful to me and my place. The place is on the smaller side but Zack is usually at school or work and Kat works a good amount of the time, so I'm not usually super bothered by it. Their plan has been to love out once Zack graduates which will probably be 2023 at the rate he's going. So I'd most likely be living with them another year and a half to two years.

Now that wasnt much of an issue to me as they don't really have anywhere to go and I totally get not wanting move back in with out parents. The thing is tho is about a week back they revealed to me they were pregnant. While I think it's awesome, and am excited for them, this severely throws a wrench into out living arrangement. I really can't deal with a baby living with us for the extended future. I'm someone who's very sensitive to noises and suffers insomnia. So a crying baby would literally make my life hell on Earth. 

When I asked them what they were planning on doing they said they were going to keep it as Kat doesn't believe in abortion and they feel as if they'd make good parents ( they definitely would, they're great people) . I said oh well congrats then! We ended the conversation there for that night.

The next day I asked them what their plans were for housing in the near future as they know about my sleeping condition and how I'd feel with a baby/toddler in the house. They said theyd have to stay here as they didn't really have anywhere else to go. I told them that won't be happening for reasons stated earlier. They both got very upset and accused me of "forcing them to abort their baby"

TLDR: AITA for not allowing my brother and his GF to continue living with me if they have a baby?Hi, I am 23f dating a 33m. I’m feeling super conflicted right now after my boyfriend just shared a story with me about an experience he had while working as a paramedic. Basically, he told me this with the preface that it was a funny but extremely messed up story. He has a twisted sense of humor and his partner at work does, too… but I felt this was too far. 

On to the story: he arrived on scene of a 25 year old dead girl who had drowned and part of his job is to pronounce people dead and obtain a time of death. His partner and he unzipped the mesh bag that her body was in, and his partner said “turn her over. I wanna see that ass. Did you see the way her back was arched when she was laying flat?” My boyfriend proceeded to flip her over to see her ass (she wasn’t naked, but wearing a bikini), and then flip her back and put her back in the bag. The police officers on the scene looked at them in disgust. 

My boyfriend expected me to laugh, but I think this is too far, and violative, and frankly a little gross. He says it’s not that serious and regrets sharing it with me. AITA?I (20f) have been playing Dungeons & Dragons for a few years now with the same online group. We went on hiatus and I really missed playing so I started looking for another group. My coworker (22m) heard about this and invited me to join a game he just started. It was irl which I really wanted to try because I hear it's so much better irl than online so I enthusiastically said yes. 

Well I showed up to play and the vibes were immediately off. I was the only girl at the table, and definitely the youngest (everyone else was 22-26). They questioned my character choice, saying the group really needed a healer but I had already chosen a different skillset. For anyone familiar with D&D or fantasy tropes in general, the single girl is ALWAYS the healer/mother figure which I wanted to avoid at all costs. After some debate, my coworker shut them down and let me play the character I wanted. 

I should have walked out right then, but I stuck around to play two sessions. They. Were. Hell. Every choice I made in character was ignored or questioned, the other players’ characters flirted with and harassed my character in every interaction. They barely let me do anything in the game and fought over which character would be able to date mine. In the middle of the second session, one of them asked what my character’s bra size was. I stood up and said “nope. Not going to take this anymore. You guys have fun” and walked out.

Ever since then they’ve all been blowing up my phone saying I ruined their game, that I shouldn’t have walked out like that. I’ve blocked most of them because the messages started getting insulting. However, my coworker hasn’t really talked to me since and I feel like I should have tried to resolve the issue in a different way since I never told the group I was uncomfortable with character romance. AITA in this situation?

EDIT: holy crap everyone, I didn’t think this post would get so much attention! I can’t reply to them all, but thank you to everyone who left a supportive comment! It means a lot to know this was actually messed up and I wasn’t overreacting. Also I’m so sorry to anyone who’s had a similar experience, it’s such a shitty feeling. I think I’m going to put my search for a group on hold for now, but I’m definitely not going to give up! Thank you again for all the advice![removed]I (22F) have been seeing the same hairsylist, Talia, for a few years now, and because we always chat during my appointments, she knows the basics of my life. 

I have always had long hair, sometimes going a bit shorter (shortest has been to my shoulders), adding bangs, adding layers, etc. Nothing crazy. Well, I had an appointment yesterday and I decided to go for a super short pixie cut. For reference, [this is one of the photos](https://ath2.unileverservices.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2019/06/pixie-cut-hairstyles-textured-pixiebrasil.jpg) I showed my stylist. 

My stylist was shocked, but then she made a joke like "Oh no, this is breakup hair, isn't it?" I was weirded out by that but I confirmed that yes, actually, my boyfriend of a year and I broke up a few weeks ago, but it had nothing to do with my hair. 

She then tells me that she really doesn't want to cut my hair that short, because my hair is so nice (her words, I don't really care) and it would be a "waste" to cut it. She then remembers that I'm going to be my sister's Maid of Honor in a couple months, and that I'll have graduation in the spring, and she said that I'll regret having short hair in the photos. 

Honestly I was pretty offended at that. As a grown woman whether or not I regret a hairstyle down the line is none of her business, as long as she does the cut well. She told me the shortest she would go was a long bob, and so I told her that I would be leaving, as that's not what I want. 

She tried to get me to pay the "cancelation fee", as now she was going to lose the 2 hours booked, and what I would have paid. I told her that wasn't my problem, and I left anyways. On my way out, she told me I wasn't welcome back. 

I relayed this story to my friends today, and the response was mixed. A couple people told me she was just trying to look out for me in case I did regret the haircut, and that after the past couple years, me walking out may have really hurt her financially. 

I feel really torn. I don't like conflict, but I really felt like Talia crossed a line when she refused to do my hair the way I wanted. 

AITA?

EDIT 1/6

So I got my haircut! I browsed through Instagram under the hairstylists in my area, and I found a stylist that does a lot of pixie cuts. My haircut was yesterday and the experience was so positive. My stylist was amazing, she was so excited to cut my hair, and I'm in love with the final result. 

I did not leave any reviews or complaints about Talia. It's not my style to try to find some kind of revenge, I just wanted a haircut lol. 

Thank you to everyone who commented!**Announcement: I really want to thank everyone for weighing in on this. I appreciate your perspectives, and you've left me with a lot to think about. I had NO idea my first Reddit post ever would get so much attention. I thought maybe 50-100 people would see it. It is overwhelming (in both good and bad ways). Because of the response, I will be turning off my notifications and I will no longer be responding to comments. I hope you understand! <3**

**Update: Because people are accusing me of hiding stuff in my original post, I'm going to add an update with additional details on the bottom of this post. I did not "hide" things to be shady - I reached my character limit. This should be pretty easy to understand.**

I went to a bachelorette party in Atlantic City. After a 4-hour drive, the bride (we’ll call her Melissa) could not be bothered to get out of her seat and give me a hug or introduce me to the other girls. No one made any effort to get to know me at dinner. When the bill came, the girls said we’d split it evenly, which was unfair to me because I don't drink alcohol and they all ordered multiple drinks. There were 11 girls and I didn’t want to be the only one who didn’t want to split the bill, so I ended up having to pay $65 for my $13 meal.

Then we went to a nightclub. When we got out around 2 AM, my ears were ringing so much, I couldn't sleep that night. Despite not sleeping, I got up early Saturday, because we were going to an escape room at noon. I made the entire house breakfast so the girls could eat quickly and we could make it on time. But they overslept and we missed it.

Then we got brunch, and the ride over was a nightmare. I should mention I was appointed designated driver. Half the girls took an Uber since my car only seats 5 people, and the other half went with me, including Melissa. It was storming in AC and the streets were flooded; I’m talking water up to my thighs. I didn't think my old car would make it. The girls could see what kind of car I drive and decided to "complain" about how they can’t file their taxes jointly with their husbands because their combined income would be over $400K, all while I chauffeured them. Not only was splitting the bill unfair to me because I don’t drink, but since I was driving everyone around, I was the only one paying for gas and parking fees. They insisted on splitting the brunch bill too, so I had to pay $45 for my $15 lunch.

After the rain stopped, we went to the boardwalk to do a scavenger hunt. Melissa chose the teams and she didn't even put me on her team! I'm her MOH and yet she didn't want to spend that extra time with her "best friend". Then the girls wanted to get drinks on the boardwalk, where I was again excluded from conversation. I was the only quirky girl amongst sorority-types.

We were scheduled for a booze cruise with an arrival time of 5:30 PM, so as it started nearing 5, I said we should get going, but the girls wanted to finish their drinks and we had to SCRAMBLE to get out of there. Again, half the girls took an Uber and the other half went with me, but we couldn't find my car. Melissa started flipping out about missing the cruise, so the girls took an Uber and ditched me in the parking garage. At this point, I broke down and started sobbing. I drove back to the Airbnb ($450/person) and packed up my stuff.

I left around 9 PM and drove through the night. No one texted me to see if I made it home. Melissa hasn't talked to me since - I guess she's mad at me for leaving. AITA for leaving? Did I overreact?

**TL;DR I left a bachelorette party after being appointed designated driver, forced to pay for other people’s drinks, and ditched in a parking garage. AITA for walking out?**

**ADDITIONAL DETAILS:**

\- The bride asked me specifically to plan her bridal shower, NOT her bachelorette party. She had another bridesmaid plan the bachelorette party, though the bride said that this bridesmaid dropped the ball on it.

\- The bride sent out an itinerary of events in advance. She outlined what we would do and when. So all the times I seemed neurotic about the schedule, it's because I wanted the bride to be able to do everything on her list.

\- I do not feel that the girls were malicious toward me at all. They already knew each other and were content talking amongst themselves. I did feel left out, but I don't think they targeted me specifically at all. One-on-one, however brief our interactions were, all the girls were nice to me.

\- The only responsibility I had ahead of time (like 4 days before the party) was the bride asked me to be in charge of games, specifically ice breaker games. There was even an allotted time slot on the schedule for these games, but we never got around to playing them. When I gave her my suggestions for the games (ahead of time), she told me they were "overdone" and she "was hoping for something more unique". I didn't appreciate this response from her.

\- Not only did the bride ask me to drive through the flood to get her to brunch, she had me run a couple errands for her before brunch. Again, the streets were absolutely flooded, and she could tell I was nervous about driving (I said as much), but she did not take my feelings into consideration at all and forced me to drive.

\- I made the bride aware ahead of time of my financial situation. She knew I was hurting for money because I recently had to spend $12,000 on home repairs after a series of bad luck (replacing water heater, broken AC, damage to our chimney, etc.). She did not care.

\- I flat out told the girls in my car that I would take zero responsibility for remembering where my car was parked because I have a bad sense of direction. The other girls said it was fine and they'd remember where I parked and help me find my car later. Obviously they did not remember where my car was parked.

**- ONE GIRL did stay behind with me to help me find my car. I didn't ask her to do this. She was an absolute angel. She said that she couldn't imagine letting me stay in the parking lot by myself to look for my car. She's the real MVP.**

\- Years ago, the bride abandoned me in NYC so that she could hook up with a guy she saw every night. I had flown in from Cleveland for a visit and I hadn't seen her in a very long time. But she couldn't even walk with me to the subway to make sure I there safely, even though I asked her to and told her I was uncomfortable walking alone.

\- **I did not just leave without saying a word.** After the girls got back from the cruise, I said I was going to go home in the least dramatic way possible. I just said I was stressed out from the car situation and that I wasn't in the mood to go out. That was all. It was very drama-free. The bride said she understood.

\- When I got home, no one had texted me to see if I made it home safely. **The following morning (around 11:30 AM), the same girl who helped me find my car texted me privately to make sure I was home, which was super nice of her and I really appreciated that.** 11:30 is just a little late considering I drove through the night.I own a 3 bedroom home with a front and a backyard. A couple months ago my brother and his gf were having some financial problems and asked me if they could live with me for a few months while they save up for enough to pay 1st+last months rent + security deposit to get their own place again. I was definitely hesitant but they promised me they would do all chores including housework, laundry, and yard work including mowing the lawn.

I figured a couple months of not doing chores would be worth it, especially to get out of the yardwork and mowing the lawn for the summer. For the most part its been ok. They're not quite as dilligent as I'd like them to be but at least the place doesn't get filthy and the lawn gets mowed weekly.

Well last week my brother Jake sprained his ankle playing basketball and is going to be on crutches for a few weeks. Grass grows fast this time of year so I told his girlfriend that I guess since he cant do it, its now her job. She flipped out on me and said I'm being a jerk and that mowing the lawn is clearly a guys job so I should either do it myself or hire someone to for a few weeks. I told her the agreed upon setup was that they would do all these chores and if he can't that means its on her if they want to continue living here free. She huffed and puffed but eventually did it. Not the best job but enough.

Well she's been having an attitude lately which I dont mind since I work 50 hrs a week and hope it'll motivate them to move sooner than later. But yesterday my brother told me it feels like I'm kicking them while he's down. I feel like we're all adults and had an agreed upon arrangement but he was insistent that I was being an AH. Would like some neutral party thoughts here

\----------

To address  common questions

1. They are not doing full time maid work. Just the same types of chores they'd do for themselves if they had their own place IE) Sink is full, do the dishes. Counters are dirty, clean them, keep bathroom in shape etc. Im not a messy person so for the most part they're mostly just cleaning up after themselves. Jake is still able to do light chores with his sprained ankle, albeit slower
2. My neighborhood tickets you if the lawn gets to a certain point that just takes about a week without being mowed in the summer to get to that length.
3. The lawn mower is not powered by man parts ( can't believe I actually wrote that)
4. They are 24 and 23 years old

&#x200B;I (f24) just got engaged to my boyfriend of 5 years (m29) and have begun planning our wedding for early 2023 (only picked a venue so far). When planning, we decided on a child and pet free(ish) wedding. The first hasn't received any backlash yet (here's hoping), but the second has become an extremely controversial subject in my family. My sister (f21) has a psychiatrist service dog for bipolar I and depression etc. She got this dog a little over a year ago, and it's a golden retriever.

&#x200B;

My fiancé was attacked by a golden retriever when he was 11. While it wasn't physically severe, it did affect him mentally and he had to go to therapy to be comfortable around dogs. He is now fine around all dogs but golden retrievers. Because of this, my sister always visits us without her dog. She's usually fine to go out if she is with our mum and doesn't want to bring the dog, this is what my sister says not me assuming. When my fiancé sees a golden retriever in public, he usually tries to stay as far away as possible and avoids them until they pass. This is usually extremely distressing and he can't be in the same area as them. Not always resulting in a panic attack, but having him on edge and in flight or fight mode. Obviously not ideal for our wedding.

&#x200B;

When planning save the dates, we told our immediate family in person. When telling my family, my sister begun talking about how she would buy a bowtie for her dog to wear at the wedding. This took place at our home and her dog wasn't present. My fiancé brought up his discomfort and I backed him up, telling her that her service dog couldn't come to the wedding. I posed the idea that she come alone, like she does when she comes over to visit us. She got extremely upset by this, ranting about how we were discriminating against her and that her service dog was essential for her functioning in life. I brought up how she was her without her service dog 'functioning' fine but she immediately starting crying and having a panic attack. My parents took her side and left quickly with her still crying. My brother took my side but that's only because he believes she doesn't need a service dog. I have no opinion in her dogs validity.

&#x200B;

My parents called me the next day to tell me that it wasn't acceptable not to allow my sisters service dog to come along, and that it would mean she couldn't come. Honestly we're not that close and she was only coming as a guest, so I posed the idea that she come for a dinner with me individually before or after the wedding to celebrate. Now my parents are threatening to not come and claiming ADA laws against me. I honestly think my fiancés comfort on our wedding is more important than my sister coming, and selfishly I want my fiancés focus and attention on me and our special day. AITA?

&#x200B;

Edit: My fiancé has met this dog but it was a traumatic experience. She secretly brought the dog and kept holding the dog towards him and wouldn't let him leave. It resulted in a panic attack.

My son (23M) Chris just graduated college. He used to live hours away from me and his mom and younger sister but recently moved back in with us because he could no longer afford rent. He said it was temporary but he's been here for 4 months and that's not what bothers me but the fact that he adds to our expenses and hasn't started working and doesn't help in any capacity, In other words he's become a burden. I talked to my wife about how Chris has been lazy and mooching off of everyone lately and suggested giving him the push he needed to start counting on himself as an adult. She gasped saying how dare I imply we kick him out but that wasn't what I suggested.


I sat with Chris and gave him a timeline as to when he's expected to either start working and help around the house or move out. Til then I gave him rules that he needed to follow til further notice and those rules were:

A. No counting on us to do basic tasks and start doing his own laundry and wash his own dishes.

B. No complaining about whats for lunch/dinner and accept and be grateful for the food he eats.

C. No wifi more than 6hrs a day just like he's younger sister.


He kept laughing as I read him the rules repeatedly saying "bullshit man, are you serious?" I said "for real" and told him there was more...


D. No luxuries like Netflix supscriptions and youtube live streams unless he somehow pays for it himself.


This was it for Chris, he blew up complaining about how ridiculous and unfair my rules were and reminded me he's not a child anymore but I told him child or not, as long as he lives under my roof then he's expected to follow the owner's rules. He got frustrated and yelled "mom" to come to his rescue. He got her involved and asked her to talk some sense into me. My wife argued with me and I asked her if she was okay with Chris recklessly increasing our bills and spending so much of our money on lavish stuff while doing nothing in return. She blew up telling me to get rid of these unreasonable rules and that I should be ashamed of myself for treating my own son as an unwanted guest. I refused and told her she was enabling his unacceptable behavior and that Chris still has a chance to turn his situation around if he doesn't like it. Plus what does this teach our daughter? That it's okay to be lazy and irresponsible adult. She said Chris came home with a degree so damn right he's responsible but is struggling and I was making it worse for him. She finished by saying I shouldn't be surprised if he no longer speaks to me after he moves out eventyally.


AITA? Did I go too far here?

Important to mention that I'm the breadwinner for our entire household but I don't mention this a lot since we're family and this is our money.My OH has always been a bit goofy, giving his own names to things and doing impressions. About 18 months ago this started to increase a lot. It’s now a constant presence in our lives and I’m finding it difficult to live with.

Examples:
He has his own name for most retail outlets, professionals, organizations…
- Eatyourgreens (Walgreens), Sharts & Gobbles (Barnes & Noble)

He has about 30-40 everyday words that he insists on using in place of normal ones…
- Skuppers (with a rising whistle at the end) ‘yes’
- Bing (with a descending whistle) ‘no’
- Bagayaya ‘goodnight’

He CONSTANTLY does weird sound impersonations, not like celebrities or characters, but a single noise that’s a made up sound or something childish like a fart from a children’s tv show

He speaks random words like ‘garbage’ or ‘douche bag’ whilst burping or farting

He has made up names for our friends which he uses sometimes even under his breath when we’re out with them
- Pam and Will is ‘pig and wig’

I’ve just had enough. We got into bed the other night and I said ‘goodnight’ and he said ‘bagayaya’ in the high pitched voice he always does it in. I snapped and asked why he couldn’t just speak to me normally and he just laughed and came right up close to my face and did it again. His whistling is constant. He speaks to our kid in this stupid language and I’m worried it’s going to confuse normal language development because he changes the words so often. Our toddler could be about to hurt themselves and instead of saying ‘no’ or ‘come here’, he’ll say some ridiculous made up word or sound and then get annoyed when our kid doesn’t know what he wants. 

He’s ‘normal’ in other respects, works in finance and is totally professional around his colleagues but different at home. I told him it needs to stop. I don’t mind it occasionally or for fun but it’s all the time and it’s wearing me down. He got upset and said I couldn’t take a joke and that I’m not fun any more. It’s true that I’ve become more irritable and noise averse since we had kids but I’m so worn out and over it and just want him to relate to me like an adult.

Edit: to answer some of the frequent questions :)

1. I do not believe (but am not health qualified) that he displays any symptoms of Tourette, autism, neurological disorders etc, and hasn’t ever done despite this.
2. He is physically well by all measures. He is for sure not having a stroke or significant physical health event.
3. Yes, I can see this could be a reaction to stress.
4. For those asking why I married him…He did not do this, to this extent before we had kids. Occasionally yes with the occasional name or words but not this regular. He is amazing in many ways but this one thing is now too much for me. I don’t feel it’s right to discount him or throw out the whole marriage because of it but it does need to change.
5. He will not go to therapy.
6. We have discussed it calmly, previously, he did not take me seriously or make changes. He sees this as funny and ‘just a joke’. I agree that we need to talk more.
7. Yes it can be funny occasionally. I am not trying to spoil his fun. I also need an adult partner at times and for him to stop when not appropriate.My girlfriend is making me feel fucking insane right now so I need a reality check ASAP.before I explode.

My girlfriend came over to dinner at my apartment tonight and we ordered Thai. When we got it, there was a curry dish that neither of us ordered. I double checked the receipt and I wasn't charged for it so I was like "sweet free food." She told me I should call the restaurant and I said "fuck that. their fuck-up, why should I spend a second thinking about it?" and she said that the curry could be for someone else's and that they could fix the mistake if I called. I told her she was being ridiculous and that if someone didn't get their fucking curry, they could call the restaurant themselves and that it wasn't my problem. She got all pissy and said I had a MORAL OBLIGATION. I'm not kidding; those were the exact words she used: MORAL OBLIGATION to let the restaurant know. I told her that she had to be kidding but that if she wanted to call a restaurant, she was more than fucking welcome to. She obviously didn't do that because WHO THE FUCK WOULD and just sulked, ate quickly, and left.

I think she's off her fucking rocker but I'm here to ask the "moral philosophers" on this sub if informing the restaurant about a fuckup is actually a moral obligation. Quick answers preferred because if i'm the asshole (which I sincerely doubt I am, obviously), I'll apologize.

&#x200B;

UPDATE: last night while I was in the middle of writing another defensive comment here, i realized how pathetic i was being, arguing with strangers on the internet instead of actually being with my girl, who I love to death. i called her and apologized, told her she was right about the whole thing and that I acted like a complete dick. She said she was sorry and that she felt i had backed her into a corner with my initial reaction and that she was just being stubborn. we're both stubborn people so i completely get it. we laughed at the "moral obligation" comment and that was it. we're all good now. My (29f) brother (31m) and his wife (34f) got married two months ago, they had a destination wedding 

Unfortunately none of our side expect a cousin could attend due to multiple valid reasons which I list a short few 

- grandparents (95f,98f,89m) = too old 
- our parents= mom has breast cancer and my dad takes full care of her 
- me and our youngest brothers gf = heavily pregnant/newborn 
- our older brother and aunt = busy doctors who have to be extra careful 

Everyone else ether couldn’t afford it or couldn’t afford to take two weeks off.

We tried to explain to them the situation months  before the wedding but where hit with “our wedding,our rules. Don’t like it don’t come” 

We asked to be able to help in anyway we could but a few weeks before the wedding their attitudes changed we where told they’d prefer to go low contact because we weren’t coming to the wedding ,which meant we didn’t support their marriage. I even begged to pay for the bridesmaids dresses but my brother told me he didn’t want my money he wanted me at his day I tried to explain to him,his wedding was 4 days before my due date. He ended up screaming at me calling me a spoiled entitled brat than blocking me.

They did similar stuff with everyone else, they even went as far getting my extremely sick mother upset to the point my father stopped talking to my brother. 


So onto the situation after months of passive aggressive posts on social media and bride/groomzila tantrums they wanted to make up with everyone due to my mother finding out extremely heartbreaking news (6 months left) 

We all ended up having dinner at my family home tonight with everyone being extremely cold to my bother and his wife. No one really cared to listen to about their wedding nor looked at their photos

My brother ended up getting us(siblings) alone to ask us why we where being dicks. My youngest brother told him tonight wasn’t the time than walked out, oldest said when mom died he would never speak to him again but due to the fact I’m his only sister he seem more mad/upset at me I told them “you got your big day now you have to deal with the consequences”

My bother and sil got extremely upset than left. My mother asked what happened but we told her he had the runs (Diarrhoea) and needed to leave 


My bother sent me a heartbreaking email afterwards on how he felt so rejected that we weren’t at his wedding nor apologised afterwards


Sorry for my bad grammar but with the news of my mom and having a newborn Plus the situation with my brother,my mind is like a noodle rnMy husband and I recently got married and moved in together. He comes from a background of what I consider to be toxic productivity. If he isn’t busy doing something, he finds something to do. I have never been this way and it’s not like he didn’t know that considering we’ve been together for 4-5 years. I’m not sure if he thought he would change me after getting married or what, but it’s exhausting. 

I am a school teacher right now. I make 38k a year and I work at minimum 9-11 hour days. I also have endometriosis. He works with heavy equipment and makes close to 6 figures. He works a minimum of 12 hour days. He and I have a cooking schedule where we interchange who cooks, this has worked out really well for us. He helps clean everything besides the floors, And I help clean everything besides the shower. I do all the laundry myself And I also vacuum and mop the floors myself. He walks the dog in the morning, i walk her at night. I like to think everything is pretty evenly divided. 

Every single time he finds out I came home and took a nap, he seems to be in a down mood. We always end up having a conversation about how he thinks my naps should be limited to one hour, and that instead I should FIND something to do if everything else in the house is done (like reorganizing the closet). For example, yesterday I came home and worked my ass off for the house to be spotless and to cook— he cried from how thankful he was that I did so much. Today, with a still spotless house, he was upset because I woke up a few minutes after he came home and he says it isn’t normal to want to nap often. I nap when I get home from work about 2-3 times a week. Never while he is home, and it is never a problem. It is always a problem if he comes home and I am just waking up.

He said I need to conform to normal sleep times, napping like that isn’t healthy, and there is always something to do. I say I can nap whenever I want as long as the house is clean, and I’m not cutting into our dinner time. It seems he is hell bent on napping cutting into my productivity, but when I set an alarm before he arrives and appear awake, he has no issues with how productive I am. 


I think he is the asshole for wanting to change a way that I have been my whole life, and he thinks I’m an asshole for napping too much instead of filling my time with whatever else. 

AITA for refusing to change for seemingly no valid reason?**UPDATE:** Okay, I didn't expect to get so much engagement on this post. Thanks everyone who shared their judgment and their stories. I'm sorry I can't respond to everyone, but I will read all. Now to the update.

I showed this post to my husband and he read the comments. He's still reading and laughing sometimes, but he's already admitted that he was stressing over it too much and building up unlikely scenarios in his head. As I suspected, he's just very nervous about becoming a dad and wants everything to be perfect.

He also asked to add that he's not a stubborn, no fun allowed person as he comes off in this post, which I can confirm.

Anyway, Julian is back in the game! If the game was darts, he'd definitely win, but we'll still look around for other names we like. Thanks, reddit!

**ORIGINAL:** I (33F) am 7-months pregnant with our son, who doesn't have a name yet. I also like Star Trek, especially DS9, which I've started rewatching recently.

If you are familiar with the series, you will certainly remember Dr. Julian Bashir. I've always thought Julian is a pretty name, but I'd forgotten about it before my rewatch. So when I heard it again, I texted my husband, asking his opinion about the name. He loved it, so for a while we both wanted to name our son Julian.

I didn't tell him where I got the name. We've been doing that since I found out I was pregnant. Texting each other names we've heard somewhere or read or something, and we didn't always specify where we heard it. None of the names was something we both liked until Julian.

Yesterday I was watching DS9 again while my husband was home. He happened to pass by when the name Julian was said on screen. He stopped and asked me if this is where I got the name. I said yes. He said we can't name our son Julian. I asked why, he said he loved it. He said it's weird to name a real child after a character and we'll be assholes if we do that to our son. I said that I just like the name as did he until now and the fact that it's a Star Trek character name is just a bonus. He says people will laugh or make fun of our son if they find out. I say no one is entitled to know the backstory of his name. It's a name we like and that's it. He said that's not something people do. So I suggested to come here and see what people think.

AITA for wanting to name our son Julian or is he for rejecting it just because a character shares it? It's a real name, not like I want to name him Spock or, God forbid, Dukat.[removed]  

I have two kids, a 16-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old son. My daughter is one of the few girls on my husband’s side of the family. He has 4 brothers, out of them only one of them has daughters. The rest of his brothers had sons. One of my husband’s brothers “Jim” in the past has made a big deal of taking a picture of just the guys at family parties. He’ll also take a big family group shot but then insists on a photo with just them and that’s often the one he hangs up in the house and shares all over social media. My daughter didn’t care when she was younger but two years ago said she felt left out and found the whole thing kind of dumb. I asked my Jim if we could stop doing the guys group shot and he agreed.

We haven’t seen much of each other since then, because of the state of the world. We recently all got together at a different BIL’s (not Jim) as we’re vaccinated and healthy. Nearing the end of the gathering, Jim asked my daughter and niece to move out of the way so he could take a photo of just the guys. My daughter said that was kind of stupid and asked why they couldn’t be in the picture. Jim said it was important to him. I asked why does it matter who is in the frame? We’re all family. Jim said he just wants a photo of the men of the family. I told my daughter to move, but then also told my son to step out of frame. Jim asked why I was doing this and I said he can’t exclude one of my kids. It’s not like he also takes a picture of the women of the family alone, he’s purposefully leaving them out and that’s not nice. After some back and forth, my husband said “Let’s just go” and we left the party. No pictures taken.

My son agreed with me and said he doesn’t find it fair that his sister and girl cousins can’t be in the picture. My husband is on our side but said I should’ve let it go for the sake of the argument. My BIL posted on FB that he was happy to see everyone but he wishes he could’ve gotten a family picture.

AITA?I (23F) have a husband (24M). He has a sister (25F) who  hes extremely close to.
Me and her have gotten along since my husband first introduced me to her and I actually consider her my sister.

Recently, she has started living with us. She was supposed to get married to her fiancée but last second he cancelled the wedding and she had nowhere to live since he was her support system financially. We took her in while she gets back up on her feet.

Well, since she lives with us, we allow her to bring over her friends. One friend (24F) in particular sleeps over a lot, I don’t really mind since SIL room is in the attic and her friend doesn’t really come out of her room often. I have noticed though, that when my husband is out and she comes out of the attic, she would wear big hoodies and long baggy pants, but as soon as my husband comes back she’ll go back up to the attic and come back wearing booty shorts and a basically transparent shirt which shows everything.
I thought I was over reacting and didn’t do anything about it, but the other day my husband came to me shaking. When I asked him what was wrong he basically cried to me that he felt extremely uncomfortable and angry. When I asked for a reason he said that every time SILs friend comes over she literally flirts none stop with him when no one is around. 
Once apparently she even took off her pants and when he told her not to she said that she just needed some air. the reason why he was so upset this time  was because a few minutes earlier she had tried to grab his hand.
My husband hates physical touch with anyone he’s not comfortable with, hence that was a breaking point for him.

After a long discussion between us two, we told SIL how we didn’t want her friend over anymore because she was making us both uncomfortable.
SIL freaked out, saying that it wasn’t her friends fault that my husband “was attracted to her”  and started saying we were both some sexist assholes. 

I feel really bad honestly, I’m a big women activist and this has really made me feel like sexist women, also SIL refuses to look at me now and im scared our  relationship is ruined. 
I also feel bad because I know SILS friend was a big support system for her during these hard times and I might have taken that away from her

AITA?

Hi. Hubbs (m/33) and I (f/26) have a 6months old baby(boy). Hubbs and I are in agreement about chores and everything. We do everything equally except I used to have this one issue and that's getting up with my son at night. He'd leave this "task" to me claiming he's too tired to get out of bed.
Everytime my son wakes up at night which is 3-4 times a night. I'd wake hubbs up and ask if he want to get up with the baby but he'd say since I was awake then I should do it. Every single time since our son was born.


I had enough so I started faking sleep whenever our son wakes up. It worked for an entire week
Hubbs would wake up when our son start crying and then look me while I fake sleeping and quietly start whisoering "op op op" but I keep pretending to be asleep. Hubbs then would sigh and mumble something then get out of bed to see the baby. He started askung me about my "excessive sleep" to the point where I don't hear our son crying and forcing hubbs to handle it.

He found out yesterday while I was telling my sister about it on the phone. He blew up saying I'm playing childish games and not my son's needs first like I'm supposed to. I said that I'm too tired of picking up the slack for 6months then being shamed for wanting him to help. He replied boo hoo I get no credit for being a parent. I don't deserve a medal since I get up with the baby not climb everst. He literally said "just wait til mom finds out about what you've been doing to our son".

The argument escalated and his mom called me neglectful towards her grandson and my husband's work. She said I was being unreasonable since getting up with the baby is my duty and hearing my son cry should wake the motherly instincts in me but instead I was being petty and like her son said childish for pulling crap like this on a hatd working man who needs sleep to function at work.

They both kept giving me hell for what I did and hubbs has officially moved into the other room after he said he called my bluff. Basically washing his hands of nightly child care and leaving it all to me as a punishment for my disgraceful acts.

Edit* yes he always gets his mother involved saying things like "she'll set you straight" and "she'll handle your shenanegins". She is so intimidating and I try to avoid her loud mouth as much as I can


Edit* we both work but now I'm on temporary leave. Don't know if this will continue when I go back to work honestly.

AITA?My husband (35 m) and I (30 f) just bought a house and received housewarming gifts—including two very nice (and expensive) fake candles that look realistic and have timers so they will turn on and off at certain times. My mom bought us the candles because she knows how much I love real candles, but she also knows my husband won't let me use real candles because he is concerned about fire safety for our house and our dog.

Last night, I turned the candles on for the first time and he immediately asked me to turn them off or move them. His reasoning - they look too much like real candles and they were making him anxious. I relented and we moved the candles out of his line of sight. Later that night before bed, he turned the candles off. I didn't notice because he went to bed after me. The next day after work he told me he turned the candles off. I asked him why, and I explained to him that he messed up my timer. He explained that he doesn't like seeing them on when I'm not in the room because he thinks it's a fire.

At this point, I asked him if he realized that his stance on these fake candles was a little extreme and he said he didn't think so. I pushed back saying that I gave up using real candles for him, why can't I have fake candles? He pushed back and said that I can use the fake candles, but he doesn't want them to be set on a timer because it makes him too nervous. I pushed back and reminded him that he grew up never using candles and just needs time to get used to them. And I reminded him that a real fire would look and feel and smell different than these two fake candles my mom gave us.

We reached an impasse in our discussion, and once again I asked him if he at least realized that his position was extreme. He disagreed and said he thinks the use of fake candles isn't a necessity in life, so why do I need them? I explained that life is a dumpster fire in a flood, and sometimes it's just nice to have nice things... like pretty candles on timers. He also explained to me that fire safety is very important, our new house is in a town that only has a volunteer fire department and no fire hydrants. I agreed but reminded him again... that these are FAKE candles I'm asking to use on a timer.

In the end, I asked him if he thought that strangers would side with him or me. He thinks you all will agree with him that prohibiting the use of real candles and limiting the use of fake candles is a reasonable ask. I think you all will agree with me, that what he's asking me to do is extreme.

What do you think?

My f32 husband m30 is prone to accidents. He gets injured easily due to not being careful with what he does. He used to drive but he totalled his car same time this past year.


his recent injury was a severly damaged wrist. He called me to take him to the hospital because he was feeling so much pain and yeah he's the type that can't deal with slightest amount of discomfort and that stems from childhood traumas.

I took him in my car to the hospital and he had his wrist looked at and treated by the doctor.
when we were in the car on our way home he kept huffing and puffing complaining about the pain though he ws already given medication. he started commenting on my driving telling me to go left or right then point out how terrible my turns were etc. I was getting annoyed but decided to ignore him and turned the radio on. He then told me he hated this singer and I needed to change the station or turn the radio off but I refused since this is my favorite song and asked him to respect me as the driver but he insisted and turned the radio off but I turned it back on and told him to knock it off and respect the driver!. He reached out to the glove compartment and pulled out my registrations and rolled down the window and threw them out. I was freaking out asking what tf he was doing and he kept saying I caused him to do this and that I could get them replaced later. I immediately pulled over and yelled at him to get out of my car. He was looking at me asking if I was serious and pointed out how far we were from home and he had no money for a cab but I said it wasn't my problem and argued with him for few minutes as he went on about how sick and unwell he was and couldn't walk this distance home. He eventually got out of the car and I turned around to go look for my registrations and luckily found them so no damages were done there but I was still shaken up from the whole thing.


He got home at 11pm and started arguing about how I made him walk home knowing he was sick (he threw up couple of times on the way) and explained that I could've turned off that stupid song since he was feeling intense pain and I clearly had no regard for his feelings. I said what he did was not right even if he was in pain and wasn't being rational. he insisted that I viciously got him out the car in his lowest moments and said he's now afraid of being sick around me since this is how I treat him when he's incapable of fending for himself.

he basically stopped talking to me after that and told his family what I did and they've all been side eyeing me saying I have anger issues and no empathy.


INFO: There's a question about the type of medication he was given and I'm not sure but it was mostly to relieve the pain. and also for anyone curious the song that was on the radio was a Christmas song called "This Christmas" and he doesn't like it one bit but it's one of my favorites.[removed]I have an old college friend Nick(32m), he has a fiancee Sophie(24f). They've been together 3 years and Nick has repeatedly suggested an open relationship to which Sophie has refused. Until a few months ago when he said he'd only propose if she agreed to try an open relationship. She agreed. I said to him at the time that he was an ass for it and he said he was just "acting in his best interests". 

Now Nick wanted an open relationship so he could see Anna(29f) a girl we knew from college who he always had a thing for but she was married from when she was 18-26 so he never had a chance till recently. He hasn't had a chance to see her yet because she had been living with her sick mum and they can't afford to rent a hotel room. 

Now the issue is that  Nick showed up at my house last weekend with a suitcase absolutely livid and asked to crash on my couch. He said Sophie had gone out to dinner and had sex with a male model and that she was cheating because he hadn't had the chance to see Anna and it was unfair for her to see someone so much hotter than Anna(not that Anna isn't attractive). I basically laughed at him and told him this is exactly what was going to happen and that he was being selfish expecting Sophie not to see anyone or to see people less attractive than her(she's very attractive and I don't know why she's with Nick tbh). 

He went off on me for not being supportive and stormed out and is trying to turn our friend group against me fir not supporting him. I've taken a few days to think about it but I still can't decide, am I TA?My sister is getting married next month. My husband and I were both planning on going but when we got the invitation it was only for me. When I called my sister and asked about it she said my husband was of course fine to come but she requested that he not be in any family photos.

My husband is in a wheelchair. I've been married to him for 8 years. He has been in a wheelchair since he was 16 and my family has always ever known him to be in his chair. Apparently my sister doesn't want him in any of her wedding photos because she is afraid that he'll take attention away from her because he is "different" . She justifies this by saying when people come over and see our family photo they always ask about him because hes the only one that is in a wheelchair so he stands out.  She says she wants to be the main focus in her photos.

 I was livid. I went off on her and told her she was being a selfish bridezilla. I told her we wouldn't be coming.  I've been getting calls from parents and relatives telling me I need to apologize to my sister because now she's upset.. I'm angry at them for thinking it's OK to leave my husband out of family photos because of his disability.   My husband hates being a burden on people and he says hes fine with not being in the photos. Which made me even angrier because now he feels bad about himself for something I feel is unwarranted.

Am I the asshole if I don't support my sister's big day because of this? My husband says we should be there for family even if he can't be in the photos. My family says I need to apologize. But I feel like this is an issue I need to fight for. Am I wrong?This is not a 'skinny bad, fat good' scenario so save those comments.

I'm fat and happy. I know this really upsets people, but I'm proud overcoming an ED so I couldn't give a shit. I go to the gym 4x a week and eat well mostly, but I don't deprive myself. If I want KFC I'm going to eat it. My goal isn't to lose weight, but build my strength and fitness. If weight loss comes naturally that's fine but I don't strive for it. I'm fit and can keep up with my friends when we go hiking, but I'm obviously bigger than them and when I first gained weight it was a struggle to be included in activities like hiking because they never invited me, but I proved myself over time.

We catch up for monthly dinners provided no cases in our state. One of my friends made a beautiful paella and fixed the plates up in the kitchen before she brought them out along with garlic bread. When she brought out mine she said "I dished you up a little less because of all the carbs," in front of everybody and it confused me because I don't watch carbs (triggers ED behaviour). I looked at the dish and I had about half the portion of what my friend next to me had, and only one slice of garlic bread when the others had 3 pieces. I thanked her for thinking of me but told her that I don't watch carbs so I can have a full portion, and that I was excited to try the food because it looked great.

She asked me if I thought I should eat a full meal, because I was looking good (losing weight) lately and she didn't want me to ruin my progress. I promised her that I would be happy with a regular serve. This would not have been an issue if the portions were only slightly different, but it was an entree vs main size meal kind of difference. When she brought out my plate again I thanked her and we left it.

After that the vibe was weird but we still had fun. I was the last to leave as I helped my friend clean up and thanked her again for the meal. While we were washing the dishes she mentioned that she was sorry that she didn't want to be the reason I 'put it back on', meaning weight. I replied that it wouldn't be the end of the world if I did and that I felt awkward that she mentioned the carb thing in front of a table of 7. She then turned it on me and said that I made HER feel awkward for saying something about the size difference and that I put a damper on the night.

Edit: Somebody brought to my attention that entree and main are the same thing to some people. Where I'm from an entree is something like a bread roll or a small soup that you eat before the main meal. My wife and son think I am an AH. My daughter is on my side, but I doubt my decision.

I am someone who has money. I am not extraordinarily wealthy, but I am fairly secure financially. This has allowed me to support my son Jake (21m) and my daughter Darla (30f) as best I can. I paid for all of Darla's college education, her car, and contributed so she could buy her house. I am currently paying for Jake's college, I bought his car, he lives in an apartment that I own, and in the future I will help him buy his house.

Edit: Jake has never had a job. I pay for absolutely everything. 

Jake met Tamara (32f) at a bar, and the rest is history. They have been dating for nine months. They got engaged two weeks ago. Today I mentioned to Jake that I want Tamara to sign a prenup. I want everything I have given to Jake to stay with him in the event of a divorce, and to protect the few assets he has in his name.

Jake got really mad at me. He said that I was a pessimist for waiting for a divorce, that I surely wanted that because of Tamara's age (wrong, Darla's husband also signed a prenup and is years older than her), that he is capable of making his own decisions and that he will never divorce Tamara.

My wife is equally angry with me, she says that in case of a divorce women are always more vulnerable (correct, but Tamara is a very successful woman in her professional field and has said several times that she will not be a SAHP, so she will not lose her job or salary), and that signing a prenup is bad luck. The only one who supports me is Darla. She says that I'm right and that Jake is being unreasonable.

Am I the asshole? Jake and my wife haven't spoken to me all day.
My husband (31M) and I have been married for few months. It was a long distance relationship and he only met my parents/family a handful of times. Usually when my family visit I cook their favorite meals for them and my husband does not like any of those meals and always complains about not finding something to eat despite me offering to include his favorite meals. He'd usually sit with them at the table out of politeness but only eats appetizers and salads and nothing else. My family noticed and asked about it and he said he doesn't like what was on the "menu". He also complains that I keep leftovers for days later and I don't cook til leftovers are consumed by me of course while he eats fast food.


My family planned to visit today. I prepared their favorite meals and all but they called in the morning and apologized for not being able to come due to family issues which is fine. Everything  cooked was placed in the fridge. I told my husband and he wasn't thrilled and said "great now who's going to eat all that unwanted food". He asked when I'm going to cook and I said til the fridge is empty and there is no leftovers left. He made a face and blurted he won't eat fast food for the next few days as well.

Later I saw him taking the trash out which was earlier than usual but I didn't give it much attention til I went to grab milk from the fridge and saw all the containers that had the meals I cooked earlier empty completely except for one. I immediately confronted him and he said the food smelled "funny" and there was one container that smelled kinda fine and so he left it alone and threw everything else away. I blew up on him calling him nuts and unreasonable to throw away edible food and let it go to waste just because he wanted me to cook fresh meals that he likes. He argued that I shouldnt be cooking my family their favorite food everytime and should just have them eat what we usually eat and said that he was so tired of eating fast food til I'm ready to cook again. I told him I won't be cooking again after this stunt and that he needed to deal with it after throwing away money and energy I spent on the food he threw away. He said I can't blame him because my family chose to not come and that they were the ones who wasted my efforts. I refused to argue further after I said he could've told me so I could send the food to my family instead of throwing it away. He apologized but only for not asking me first but he still says I went overboard by saying I won't cook for him again.

He just left to meet his friends to vent and I'm still upset over what we both said to each other during the fight.


Edit, Ok I feel I should add that the food I cook is Asian. My family are from Asia originally while my husband is American.

I learned to cook his favorite meals but he never been open to try and cook by himself saying it's never gonna work and he'll never make a single decent dish. He said cooking just isn't his thing and called it lost cause.[removed]Throwaway bc I don't want this on my main.

I (43F) hired my trainer Alex (fake name) in mid 2018 through the gym. I asked for someone who understands chronic pain because I've had it for 20 years and need help managing it. Swimming did wonders until my body began to develop negative reactions to pool chemicals which was why I switched to the gym.

Long story short, Alex helped beyond expectation. He helped me improve so much, a few months ago my doctor actually switched me to milder pain medication, and lowered the doses too. So as a token of appreciation I gave Alex an early Christmas card last week with a $50 gift card. The message was a simple: "Thank you for your help. Best wishes."

Today I went for solo training and a woman approached me claiming to be Alex's wife. She accused me of getting friendly with Alex and demanded that I ask the gym to switch trainers. I refused and she got aggressive, so I got the staff involved and they removed her.

Later I told friends about the incident, they say I was disrespectful and should have honored her wishes. Though I don't think Alex's wife's insecurity is my problem, I feel bad about possibly getting him into trouble at home. AITA?

ETA: Many of you mentioned the possibility of a stalker imposter and now I'm getting chills. Never even thought of that! I'll give the gym a call first because if it's a stalker imposter then she might harass other people too. Since I don't have Alex's private number I'll ask the gym to give him a heads up. Then I'll talk to him when I see him next week!My boyfriend has just paid off his mortgage and now wants to take early retirement on £8k per annum. The only way he can afford to do this would be for me to move in with him and work full time so that the bills can be paid and he can do what he wants in his spare time. 

I am fifty and my own pension fund is not great so I don't expect to be able to retire for the next twenty years.

Am I being unreasonable in not wanting to uproot my life, and that of my son, and wanting to pursue my own career on my own terms? I am planning on going traveling while working once my son leaves home, and saving as much money as possible, not supporting my boyfriend who has never supported me.

Am I an asshole for putting myself first (as my parents and boyfriend seem to think) or should my boyfriend re think his situation?  I don't have any real advantage in doing this as my boyfriend is leaving the house to his stepson even if I do move in with him, and I would have to get rid of all my stuff as there's no room for it at his place.....This is an ongoing conflict that I'm dealing with right now.


I used to be a blogger but stopped and became a sahm when my 7 months old son was born. My husband started working from home right after he got promoted as a team leader in his department. He takes his new position seriously and his meetings require complete silence as he said it'd be incredibly unprofessional for his team to hear any noise of any sort but the problem is: with a 7 months old in the apartment complete silence is almost impossible to achieve.

He came up with a suggestion for me to take my son and leave the entire apartment whenever he has a meeting to which I replied that it was illogical and suggested he either takes the bedroom or the other room and shut the door but he explained that our son's crying or any other noise he makes get through every wall and again it'd be unprofessional for his team to hear baby crying in the background like he was streaming the meeting from some day care and insisted this is the pefect solution but I said no and told him he was being unreasonable to expect me to just up and go with the baby everytime he has a 5 hour long zoom meeting which can happen twice in one day and be gone til he gives me the green light to return home. I made him pissed and it escalated to him shouting "COOPERATION AND RESPECT is what you should be offering right now".

I argued that if roles were reversed I'd never make such ridiculous requests and he said "great then why don't you go back to work and bring actual earnings instead of some social media likes...YOU! BIG! BLOGGER!". That really hurt a lot. He then proceeded to call me stubborn and selfish trying to sabotage his new position out of pure jealousy and nothing more.

I consulted my friends and they were divided one of them said this is my apartment too and shouldn't be expected to leave and the other said I should comply and do whatever I can to support my husband so he could support me and my son.I (26f) am currently almost 15 weeks pregnant. Just under three weeks ago I started bleeding fairly heavily while at work and had to go to the ER. I drove myself and called my (24m) boyfriend over and over on the drive to the hospital. It took about 7 calls before he answered because he was playing a video game with his friends. I asked if I could pick him up because our apartment is on the way, but he told me to go straight to the hospital so I did. 

Once I got there I had to stay for a few hours. Our boss (we work at the same place) was worried and called me to check on me and asked if he wanted her to go pick him up and bring him to me. I called him and asked and he said no because he didn’t want to make her do that. I told him she was offering but he still said no. He stayed on the phone with me for a little bit, but was still playing with his friends and was pretty distracted. 

My phone ended up dying, and I spent the last two hours there alone, terrified I was losing my baby, and being told to stop crying by the nurses because I was going to stress baby out. When they finally discharged me I had to drive myself home. 

When I got home I told him I was upset that he left me alone with no support like that. He argued that he didn’t have a way there. I reminded him about our boss offering and that’s when he told me that I was ignoring his fear of hospitals and doctors and it was unfair that I expected him to just get over it to come sit with me. He said that next time he sees a big spider he’s going to push me to it and tell me to get over it. 

Part of me thinks he should have been there for me and our child, but part of me feels like maybe he’s right and I was being inconsiderate of his feelings. AITA?

Update: oh wow this got a lot more attention than I expected. I want to say thank you to all of you who had supportive things to say. I’ve been reading comments as much as I could today. The support and kindness I’ve received through comments and messages has been overwhelming.

Yes he is the same guy from the other posts. I hear all of you and I know I need to get out, but I truly feel like I don’t have a way out. I’m going to look for resources near me, but living in a tiny town I don’t have many options. I’m going to find something though. For me. For my child.
I lost my brother in a motorcycle accident 3 weeks ago at the age of 21. This was sudden and devastating beyond measure. I live 3 towns away from my entire family and I didn't know about it right away.


My husband was calling when I walked into the room where my phone on vibrate and charging. I answered and he asked why I didn't answer my sister's calls. I asked why and wether she called him. He said yes then proceeded to tell me he recieved the news of a family members death from her. I was shaking at this point while I was waiting for him to tell me more but he said "guess who!". I angerily told him to stop it and tell me but he still thought it's fine to ask me to guess that's when I lost it on him because my nerves were done. I yelled at him then hung up and immediately called my sister and she told me it was our youngest brother.


I had an awful reaction because this is my baby brother that I adored so much and my husband knew how much I cared about him. I drove to my hometown 6 hours away by myself and my husband was mad after he found out I didn't wait for him to take him with me. I told him I didn't want him there after how he treated me and played my emotions like that. He said he was trying to prevent me from being traumatized and didn't want to dish the news all of sudden. He wanted to come but I said I'd have kicked out if he showed up which got him pissed yelling that I had no right to rob him if saying goodbye to his favorite brother in law. He said my anger was misplaced and I was taking it out on him for no reason other than being the "bearer of the bad news" and that nobody wants to be that person but he tried to be as nice as he could about it. I haven't talked to him eversince despite him calling me to come home so we can talk.Me and my now fiance have lived in this house and neighborhood for a few months now. I have a 1 year old son myself, so I know how kids can be. However, my neighbors have 3 children. A 9, 12, and 14 year old. All of them are boys. At first they weren't too much trouble, I would just seem them running around, throwing sticks, riding scooters across the street. 

But as of recently they had started getting a lot closer to my property. This all started with the oldest one throwing various trash into our yard that my fiance would continually have to pick up. Then, all 3 children started digging holes in our yard, banging on the door, and I even caught them trying to "lockpick" my front door with a bobby pin. This had happened 4 to 5 times already. Of course, I brought this up to their mother who has done little about it. They seem to have very little supervision and apparently cps had already been called numerous of times because of how often they seemed to be left alone. 

I warned the mother that we have 2 big dogs, whose sole purpose was to protect against intruders. So if their sons happened to actually get into my house they would probably end up hurt. I did not want these little children to end up hurt of course, which was why I was warning her. She brushed it off, saying if anything happened to her boys she would have me promptly arrested and my dogs put down. 

So, I decided to take matters into my own hands, to "ensure" the safety of these boys. As expected, the oldest one and his brothers were sneaking around my yard again. I waited until they got closer to the front door. When the second youngest opened the door, I said a command to my dogs and they immediately ran out, barking and growling. 

All the boys screamed and start yelling. They ran and ran all the way until they got to their house, getting wet by the lawn sprinklers on the way. I called my dogs back( they stopped at the end of the lawn like I had trained them to) and we didn't hear much for a few days. Their mother and the police came knocking at the door. She said some stuff about how my dogs bit her children and I was a danger to the neighbors.  But I showed the security footage from my camera to the police and it pretty much died down from there. 

She's still trying to keep the case open, but I feel as if I've done little to no wrong. Her boys don't bother us anymore, and her children aren't hurt and were never going to be.

AITA?

Edit: I did tell the police that they were attempting to break into my house, it was obvious from the video too. I just decided not to press charges considering the only reason they're acting like this is because they have a neglectful mother. From your comments, I've decided to do all I can to get those boys out of there.

Lol for those of you saying my dogs are aggressive Maybel can't sleep unless she chews on her stuffie repeatedly and Robbie is scared of spoons.

I (f37) have been married to my husband Aaron for 3 years. He has a son (Thomas) age 16 who tend to be so stubborn and moody sometimes. I'm a stahm with a 6 months old daughter and because my husband travels a lot for work I handle everything around the house.


Few days ago, Thomas asked if he could host a party at our house and invite 16+ friends. I discussed this with his dad and we said no because we have a newborn in the house and having 16+ people all at once wasn't save. Thomas threw a tantrum and kept insisting saying he already sent out invitations but I told him it was his fault for doing that before consulting us. He stayed upset and stopped eating for 2 days. Then yesterday morning I noticed my daughter's formula was missing. I looked everywhere but once I entered the bathroom there were traces of it on the floor. I was dumbfounded I asked Thomas about what happened and he and with a straight face said that he flushed it all down the toilet to get back at me and only me for banning him from having the party. I said that wasn't true and showed him the chat his dad and I had. Still he insisted that I influnced his dad to say no that is when I lost my temper. I told him he should have never touched anything related to his sister and that her food, comfort, health is where the line is drawn. He tried to argue he wasn't looking to hurt her but hurt me through her. I told him I had enough of his irresponsible attitude and told him to pack and get ready to go to his mom's. He didn't want to go despite saying he'd rather be with his mom because she lets him do whatever he wants long as he's not getting in trouble. I drove him there and his mom told me off for asking her to punish him for what he did saying I'm not his parent and also can't tell her what to do. I said fine then and told Thomas to wait til his dad gets home to give him punishment but he and his mom begged that I don't tell my husband and she'll pay for a replacement for the formula after all it's just formula and her son was feeling frustrated but it's not about the formula itself more than it is about the fact he should be held respinsible for what he did. I left and she kept harrassing me on SM claiming I'm trying to turn my husband against his son.

AITA here?


UPDATE:

I just got off the phone with Aaron and told him about what's happening and he was livid. He said he now knows why Thomas's mother kept ignoring his previous calls and said he was going to try and call her again and we'll see how this plays out - the reason I waited was because I felt cornered and unable to figure out how to deal with the situation. But like I said, Aaron's ex wife has a history of lying for herself and son to get away with everything she and Thomas do and also it's pretty clear to me now that she's been using Aaron's absence to her advantage.[removed]Hello Reddit.

So I feel like I am always posting here, and here is my latest ask.

When I moved cities a few months ago I rented an apartment on a monthly contract while looking for another one to buy.

A couple months in the owner told me that she will be putting it on the market so she will be needing my schedule to arrange showings.

I offered to buy it and not even 2 weeks later I was the owner of my own apartment.

I live in the second floor, the first floor is owned by a family (father, mother and two teen boys). The ground floor is two garages for cars, one for each owner. And finally the roof is split into two roofs with a 8ft wall and separate doors off of the landing.

When I bought my house I wanted to redo the kitchen and bathroom, so I took some cookies and knocked on my neighbours house to ask for their schedule. I didn't want to do work while they were at home to avoid bothering them.

That day I was in my balcony and heard the husband complaining about me buying the apartment, apparently they were planning to do so but I beat them to it.

Now fast foreward a couple of months, and I have turned my roof into a garden, with raised beds for my veggies, pots for flowers, some garden furniture and an area with some wooden outside tiles.

While coming out one day I met my neighbour and she asked to see the garden with her sons, I showed it off and thought that was the end of it.

That is untill I started noticing how some of my flowers were cut, the furniture was moved...etc.

So I installed a camera and saw that her sons jump over the dividing wall along with some friends and spend their time there.

I told the parents, and asked them to tell their kids to stop, that most of the time I am not at home and if something happened there is no way to open the door to help them (metal door with a huge padlock)

They said ok but the kids continued to do so, they even started destroying my plants for telling on them.

So I gave their mother an ultimatum, they either stop or I will be calling the police. She scoffed and called me an entitled bitch.

The next time I got an alert on my phone I called the cops and said someone broke into my rooftop garden. they came pretty fast and only one kid managed to escape, the other was caught red handed and taken to the precinct.

Their father almost broke my door and started screaming at me to come and drop the charges. I just threatened to call the police on him as well and went to bed. This morning I went to the precinct and dropped the charges so he spent the night in their jail with, according to his mom, drug dealers and thugs.

I was so sure of my decision, that I was teaching him the consequences of his actions. But my mom said that I was too harsh, she said that I punished the parents not that I taught the kid a lesson.

So reddit, AITA?Mini Update: Just returned from having lunch with my son. I’m probably having a divorce. 

Edit: Just wanted to say that I am stopping the silent treatment towards my son. I now realize that this is manipulative and bad parenting on my behalf. I will be taking Alex to have lunch with me, without his dad, so we can have a serious conversation about why his behaviour is dissapointing. 

Throwaway because my husband browses Reddit.

My MIL Sandra (69F) is a "weird" woman, (she refers to herself as that). She has random outbursts, hyper fixations, tics and struggles inmensely with social cues. She hasn't been diagnosed with anything, so I won't especulate.

When I first met my husband's family, I noticed that all of them (except my husband) made fun of Sandra and her "quirks". For example, we were having dinner one night, and my MIL couldn't stop talking about flowers (she loves plants and nature, and is super knowledgeable about it). My SIL made a comment making fun of her, and everybody at the table laughed about it. Sandra got extremely embarrased and didn´t talk for the rest of the night.

This kind of behaviour is normal in the family, and I despise it. I get so angry whenever someone makes fun of Sandra, because she is just such a kind, lovely woman that I just can't fathom why they do that. I've had a lot of conversations about this with my husband, and even fights when he laughs about the "jokes".

We have a son (15m) named Alex, and my biggest fear is becoming true. Alex has started to pick up the behaviour around him and has been laughing of Sandra. I've talked to him about why laughing at her is bullying, how that behaviour is inapropiate, etc., but Alex doesn't seem to care.

Two weeks ago, we went to see Sandra. My BIL and SIL were there along their families. Sandra looked very happy. While catching up, she randomly started clapping (one the tics that appear when she is excited). My BIL made a comment poking fun of her and the whole family laughed including my husband and Alex. Sandra got teary eyed and had to excuse to herself to the bathroom.

I have never been more furious. While in our way home, I chewed my husband and son out, and told them to not speak to me until they apologize to Sandra. I told them that I don't want to hear a single word directed to me until they reflect on how their actions are hurtful and disgusting.

Two weeks have passed and I haven't spoke to them. Not a single word, because they have made 0 attempts on apologizing to Sandra. My husband is telling me that I'm being petty and hurting Alex. He is also mad at me for "valuing my relation with Sandra more than my relation with them". In my mind, I am not doing that, but husband says that I am being an AH.Throwaway: Me (34M) and my wife "Jen" (32F) have a wonderful son named "Robby" (7M). One thing you need to know about Jen is that she is a perfectionist. She's constantly cleaning, sterilizing and organizing things around the house. This has been an issue in our relationship because I constantly feel like I'm walking on eggshells around her. Her OCD tendencies have gone into overdrive ever since Robby was born. 

Don't get me wrong, I'm happy that she's diligent when it comes to keeping our home clean and healthy. However, I feel like it's become unhealthy, specifically regarding Robby. Robby has cried on several occasions because he's the only one in his friend group that can't have company over. He's rarely allowed to visit friends, and when he does, he has to immediately shower from head to toe thoroughly. I've addressed these issues with Jen, but she refuses to see me and Robby's point of view.

The incident: Yesterday, Robby, Jen and myself were all at home. Jen had just finished cleaning the carpet in the livingroom and then went to clean the bathroom. Robby wanted a glass of milk, so he poured himself a glass and went into the livingroom to watch TV. At some point, Robby accidentally knocked over his glass, which spilled some milk onto the carpet. I was in my bedroom, the next thing I know, I hear Jen screaming at the top of her lungs. 

I rush into the livingroom and see Jen screaming at Robby while he cries in the corner. He looked terrified, he just kept frantically apologizing and shaking. Jen screamed, "I JUST FUCKING CLEANED THIS CARPET! WHY DIDN'T YOU DRINK THE MILK IN THE KITCHEN?!" I stepped in and told Jen to calm down, it's just a little milk, no big deal. She continued to yell nonstop and started aggressively cleaning the milk while cussing at Robby under her breath.

I told Robby to go into his room so Jen and I could talk alone. After he left, I told Jen that she shouldn't have screamed at Robby like that. She defended herself by saying that he knew the rules and should've known better. I told her that he's a little boy who made a mistake that anyone could've made. After things continued to escalate, I realized that there was no getting through to her. I yelled, "Robby and I are sick and tired of your BS. Robby can't even be a kid because he's constantly terrified of you. I'm not gonna sit back and let you do this to me and Robby anymore. You're fucking crazy!!"

She was dead silent and just went back to mindlessly cleaning the carpet. I spoke with Robby and eventually calmed him down by taking him out for ice cream. After we got back from ice cream, I saw that Jen had locked herself in the spare bedroom. She refuses to acknowledge me and hasn't spoken to me since yesterday. For the first time in years, I saw her go a whole night and morning without cleaning. I'm starting to feel like I went too far, but I was just trying to defend my son. AITA?Hi, long time lurker, first time poster. I (f31) recently bought my first home all on my own! I'm super happy about it, but an encounter with a new neighbor earlier today kind of threw me off my groove, and now I'm wondering if I've been an asshole.

Basically, while I wouldn't call myself goth, my style is similar. Corporate goth, I guess you could say? Lots of black, and when I use color in my personal life it tends to be very dark shades.

When I was house hunting I didn't pay too much attention to paint color or anything, and just searched for a house that fit my needs/ budget/ etc. And I found it, with a good commute to work in a quiet neighborhood. It was bright yellow with blue shutters/doors and bright flowers in the yard, but I knew I could paint it.

I had a bit left on my lease, so before I moved in I had the house pained a pale, warm shade of gray with black trim and white shutters/doors, and had the flowers replaced with ones that better fit my color scheme, and added a dark leaf plum tree to the front yard.

Anyway, it's been a few days since I moved in and I was out in my yard when this older woman came up to me and started asking if I was the one who did this, and why did I need to make my house so "witchey" (?) and dark. She said I ruined the look of the whole neighborhood and it was going to bring down property values. I told her to get away from my property because she was starting to yell, then went inside.

Later I started to wonder. It's my house and looks nice to me, but the other houses are very colorful and mine stands out a lot. I don't think it will sink property values, but it does clash a lot. AITA?

Edit: I feel I should clarify- I don't personally identify as a witch (I'm an atheist), that's just what she said my house looked like. But thank you for the support.My husband and I take our shoes off in our house. Every time my mother-in-law has visited our house she has found a way to walk through the house in her shoes. She is not just forgetting--she is making conscious decisions (I won't go into detail, but it's not just forgetfulness).

The last time she was in our house was 2 years ago Thanksgiving. She purposefully walked through the living room in shoes. She hasn't been back to our house due to the pandemic, but even before COVID I was adamant with my husband that I would have a serious discussion with her before she could come in again.

The in-laws want to come for Thanksgiving this year. I sent them a message reiterating that they need to follow this house rule or we will be meeting them in hotels and AirBnBs from now on. Here's an excerpt (included since tone is important): "I have to remind everyone that we take our shoes off in the house. No exceptions. That means every single time, you wear shoes outside, no shoes inside. I will have a chair by the door so you can sit to put your shoes off and on. 99% of our guests respect this rule, and I hope I can have a stress-free Thanksgiving knowing that my guests respect the one house rule that I ask them to follow. Last Thanksgiving we hosted, I felt I had to be constantly vigilant, and that is stressful and means that I don't enjoy the holiday with my in-law family. I hope to have a peaceful, stress-free holiday, and that we can continue to invite guests into our home. If not, we will need to meet people who wear shoes in our home at Air BnBs and hotels, and not in our home."

They told my husband they feel unwelcome now. Husband and brother-in-law say I was abrasive and aggressive. I was genuinely trying to assert my house rules without being mean. I do struggle with expressing myself and I do want a respectful relationship with my MIL.

AITA?

Edit: It's not for a few hours or one day. They have to drive 2 days to visit us, so they stay with us over several days for Thanksgiving.

She doesn't have a medical issue that prohibits her from taking off her shoes. I know about her medical issues.

I have reminded her repeatedly over 13 years, but I can't watch her 24/7. She enjoys sneaking ways to walk in the house with her sneakers on, or outside in her socks an dthen wear the socks inside ("What? I don't have my shoes on.").

Yes my husband should have brought this up. 

Why do I want a relationship with her? Because she's family? Some people even said they would divorce me over this. Wow.


Second edit: UPDATE. 
After I got off work I called my in-laws. MIL picked up, and she wanted to talk with my kid and not address the issue, but she handed the phone to FIL and he and I talked about it. He said, "She's just the kind of person who sometimes is going to do what you tell her, but sometimes she's going to ... forget." I said, "I'm not hearing 'Sorry it won't happen again', so let's get a hotel or an AirBnB for Thanksgiving." He was excited for the AirBnB--we got an affordable cabin in the woods. We're all going to meet there. It's definitely more expensive, but I will have a much better time because I don't care if she wears shoes in the AirBnB (unless that's the house rule there!).My (36m) ex-wife (35f) have 2 kids (7f) and (6m). We have been divorced for 3 years now and we are both happily remarried. We were bad spouses, but are now decent friend and both good parents.

My ex-wife has primary custody but currently I get them every other weekend and 2-3 evenings a week. It also helps that my wife (38f) and I live just a few miles away in the next town.

Since the divorce, my ex-wife has been a SAHM and her husband (36m) has a good job making \~$120k.

I have a good job and make \~$150k/year but my wife has always been the breadwinner and recently received a sizable promotion/raise up to $280k/year.

I've always wanted to go back to school, but with my work schedule I was never able to do it. My wife and I have been talking and she thinks I should quit my job, go back to school, and be a house husband. She already made the joke about getting me a French maid outfit... hahaha. Seriously though, this would allow us to spend more time with my kids too. We've been going over this for a few weeks know talking though how it would reduce our income, retirement savings, how it would effect our marriage, etc. We also talked about how we could logistically do it with the kids too. Luckily since we live close to my kids school, it should be easy for me to school drop offs and pick ups so I could do a 50/50 arrangement.

Here's my concern. Since my ex-wife was a SAHM and I kept working, I have been paying her $2,000/month. If I quit my job and went 50/50 on custody, I think it would be fair to go back to court to get the child support reduced to zero since neither of us would be working and we would be 50/50.

I talked to my ex-wife about this and at first she was onboard until I brought up child support. She blew up calling me selfish for only thinking about myself and that since I have a good job, I need to keep it. I didn't want to get into a fight with her so I hung up, but now I'm second guessing everything.

AITA for wanting to quit my job to be a house husband and go to court to get 50/50 visitation and remove child support?

Edit 1: My ex-wife and I split all kid related expenses and i have covered their health insurance since birth. I offered to continue paying for their coverage. Well, it would be on my wife's plan, but still...

Edit 2: As mentioned above, we live just a few miles away from my ex-wife and her husband. Nothing would changes for the kids education, sports, friends, favorite donut shop, etc.

Edit 3: My ex-wife was a successful real-estate agent making $100k/year. She chose to be a SAHM after she got re-married.

Edit 4: I will of course consult with an attorney before taking any actions.

Edit 5: I feel it is important to add this note about how we arrived at $2000/month of child support. Wen we got divorced i was earning \~$140k/year and my ex-wife was earning \~$100/year. She didn't want to live in the house so we refinanced her out of the house and she was paid out. The CA Child Support & Spousal Support calculator gave a guideline of \~$1350/month for CS and \~$100/month for SS. When we went through mediation, she requested $2,000 since she was going to have the expense of a new 3 bedroom house. I agreed to the increased amount of money. Even after she was married and my ex-wife and her husband bought their house, i never went back to lower the monthly payments.

\*\*\*UPDATE 12/2/21: We had my ex-wife and her husband over for dinner last night (something we usually do once a month) to talk everything through. I explained our position and the reasons behind our plans. My ex-wife and her husband were understanding of everything, and they are ok with a reduction of child support in principle, just unsure of how much. We seemed to be stuck so we "put a pin in it" and went on with polite conversation about the kids and how Tennis is holding a middle finger to China, etc. After a while and a few glasses of wine, I probed and asked what she used the $2,000/month for anyway. My ex-wife let it slip that she and her husband have been "saving" the child support money for a down payment on a new house. I didn't react and just moved on with conversation.

They currently live in a pretty nice 4bed/3bath \~2500 sqft house.Hey guys so this is kind of silly but she’s really mad at me. My (29F) sister (35f) recently had a baby girl and the baby came out still in the sac and the doctor had to rip it open a little to let the baby out. It was really cool to see and everyone was happy and healthy. We were all seeing the baby a few days later and talking about the “birthing experience” when I joking said that technically she laid an egg. Well, my sister didn’t find it funny and said “I’m not a fucking chicken” and is still mad at me. Our mom said I was being insensitive because she’s still exhausted/recovering and to give her space. 
So AITA? I thought it was funny🤷‍♀️[removed][removed]Some context: My (16F) high school has an annual fall dance. Not last year, for obvious reasons. But it's back on this year with covid restrictions, of course, and it's been unseasonably warm this season (thanks global warming?) so a lot of the dance will be taking place outside. Anyway, the boys are supposed to ask the girls, and yesterday at lunch, a boy asked me and I agreed to go with him.

My dad has always been a traditional kind of guy when it comes to me and my younger sister (14F). So last night at dinner, I mentioned that I had a date for the dance, and he made a crack about answering the door with his shotgun. The thing is, I'm pretty sure he would do it. I told him that if he was going to be like that, I'd just meet up with our friend group at school. He then got very serious and told me in an angry tone that he didn't want me sneaking around with some guy without his knowledge. He asked me what I even knew about this guy. He then said he didn't want me to to turn into one of those "slutty girls" who give it all away to the first guy they meet and who no self-respecting man would ever want to marry.

That's when I flipped a switch. I like to think I'm a pretty good kid. I get good grades, I play volleyball, I help my sister with her homework and help drive her to her soccer practice, I've never had a boyfriend. So being talked to like I was some lovestruck idiot who was going to wind up pregnant because I'm choosing to go to a dance with a friend really annoyed me. Also, I know a bit about my dad's history. He was in a frat in college, and he's told stories to my cousin (18M), who recently started college at a big state school where frat culture is a big thing.

So I told him that:

a) this guy is my friend and he seems nice, but if he turns out to be a dick I'll figure it out

b) I only agreed to go to a dance. The last time I checked, going to a dance was not a binding sexual contract.

And here's where I may have crossed the line. I told him that I knew he was in a frat in college, and I know what goes on in those places. I also know the stories he's told my cousin. So in the heat of the moment, I said something along the lines of:

"By your own logic, the only slut in the family is **you.**"

Then I looked at my mom and said "you must have had no self-respect to have married him."

By the looks on their faces, I could tell what I said was hurtful. And then of course, I got yelled at and probably won't be able to go to the dance at all. But I feel like it's unfair for him to give me a lecture about "slutty" behavior and self-worth when he's recently been bragging to my male cousin about doing MUCH worse things when he was just a few years older than me. But maybe I crossed the line trying to prove my point. AITA?

&#x200B;

**UPDATE:** oh god oh fuck oh god oh fuck. I did it. I came out, and I did it out of spite. I picked a whole god damn bouquet of whoopsie-daisies. 

To be clear, I know I said in the comments that I wasn't sure if I was into guys, but that's kind of because I figured I should experiment with men out of obligation before deciding about my sexuality. But the more my dad talked about the whole pregnancy thing last night and the more I thought about it, I realized that it's just so far out of the realm of interest. And I've had crushes on girls, although it's hard to admit to myself. It's not super duper ok in my family. 

So I took the comments saying I need to apologize to my mom to heart, and I realized y'all were right - she didn't deserve that. I made her an omelette and a coffee and brought it to her in bed and sat down with her on the bed so we could talk about what happened. My dad was out of the house. I just explained to her that I said what I did last night out of anger, and that I was hurt that all these horrible accusations were being thrown at me when I feel like I've given them no reason to doubt my judgement. I apologized to her and told her how out of line it was for me to attack her when it wasn't her who I was angry at. And that I feel like my dad doesn't really see me as a valuable person because he believes that I'm not smart enough to take my own decisions seriously, and that if I did make a mistake, I wouldn't be worth anything to him or anyone. I cried, because it was hurtful. She understood and was starting to talk, but then my dad walked in. 

Keep in mind, I was still angry at him. And he walked into the whole scene and said something nasty. He saw I was crying and said "oh, hormones, looks like someone's pregnant already." The look on his face said it was a joke. But I hated it. 

My mind went into mean girl overdrive. Granted, what I did was not smart. But I was done. So I said, "Good news, I don't think me having sex with men and getting pregnant is something you'll ever have to worry about".

He looked at me.

I looked at him. 

He looked at me. 

I looked at him. 

It clicked. 

Now he's out for a drive and the whole house has been quiet. I'm kind of hiding in my room. 

Oops. 

&#x200B;I (30m) have been on a plant-based diet for 10 years for health reasons. I take supplements and have regular checkups with my doctor to monitor my health. So far, I haven't had any problems with my diet.

A week and a half ago, my sister (32f) asked me if I could do her the favor of taking care of my nephews (13m and 15f) for a week, since she and her husband were going on vacation. Honestly, I was kind of wary to do it, since my sister has a history of being very specific with how other people take care of her children, but I still agreed.

She knows about my diet, so I sent her this message "Do you want my nephews to eat meat? If so, could you give me the money so I can go buy what I need so I can cook for them?" , but I didn't get a reply, so I assumed it was okay if my nephews ate the same way I did.

They left them with me, and we had a really good week. In my personal opinion, my nephews ate healthy and got all their nutrients (except for the absence of protein), but the kids had plenty of energy and said they loved my cooking, so I don't think they had a problem with my diet.

EDIT: I didn't feed them animal protein, but I did include plant (vegetal?) protein with every meal (tofu, rice, seeds, beans, etc.) My nephews also really enjoyed what I cooked, so there was no objetion from their part.  I even made plans with my niece to teach her how to cook certain dishes that she really liked.

Today, my sister and husband came to pick up my nephews. My sister asked them what they ate, and my niece said that she ate the same as me. My sister was Angry with a capital A. She yelled at me that I abused her children, that I have no right to push my lifestyle on them, that she should never have left them with me, etc. When I asked her why she didn't respond to my message asking her if she wanted my nephews to eat meat, she replied that it was my obligation to pay for everything my nephews wanted to eat, and that it was implicit that her family eats meat, so she didn't think it was necessary to reply.

In the end, my sister told me that she will never trust me again and she will tell the whole family how untrustworthy I am.

Am I really such an AH?For context, I(37M) have three kids (13M, 9F, 5F) two with my wife (38F), but my son is a step-kid to her. in our house we have a very specific chore schedule that works in a way so that all of us can do chores and still have plenty of free time/family time on top of homework and sports. 

It took a look time to come up with this system, and the allowance system, as my wife has always been iffy about our kids doing “too little” to help, and about us giving them allowance in the first place. We ended up working this out when the oldest were toddlers, and it’s been the system for several years.

Yesterday, I came home early and was getting ready to start with dinner, when I noticed my daughter’s and wife’s nails were done in full with nice colors and even some nail extensions. 

The only time it could’ve been done was during chore time. Unless she’d gotten the kids home from school early (this is impossible, our kids school gives the other parent a call when they’re picked up early.) or she’d skipped out on chores. With how strict my wife is about the whole thing, I heavily doubt she’d skip out on chores that only take thirty minutes for nails.

My daughter had started talking about how much fun they’d had, when I asked her how they found the time for it, she slipped up admitting that her brother was doing their chores. When I asked how long she went on to say since September. I then went to go ask my wife, who got deflective saying our daughter had lied and that they just rushed through chores that day.

Told her I’d go ask my son about it, and that if it went about our daughter was truly lying, then we’d scold her for the lie. 

Checked it out with our son, and our daughter was right. He said he thought I was in on the change, and while he was talking he brought up that Mom said he wouldn’t be paid, since it was help and not work. I went right to my bag downstairs, got my wallet and pulled out the entirety of September’s money and gave it to him. I told him I’d go to the bank and get him October’s money too for the full month, not just what he’d worked for having to deal with this.

My wife flipped out. She started an argument directly in front of the kids, and as much as I tried to calm her down and get her to talk privately she wouldn’t budge. All shouting ended up waking our toddler who had been napping throughout this, and that’s what finally stopped the screaming match.

She’s been calling me TA for simply paying our son without even talking to her, and that his chores were much too easy so he had to do extra work to make up for his slacking, (note; he does the downstairs bathroom and the toddler’s room. Neither of which are easy.) and that slackers shouldn’t be paid.

To prevent more fights I compromised, by letting the problem go and my son keep his money until we could figure the whole thing out. We’re keeping the peace for Halloween, but haven’t talked about it at all.Not really the same bowl but that's the easiest way to describe it. Sorry if this is rambling I'll try and make sense.

So I have a 8 month old daughter who, even though she eats solids doesn't eat a lot. I have some little bowls that are the perfect size for how much she eats, so since she started solids these have been "her bowls".

We recently got a kitten, she has a dish of dry food that is always accessible and in the evening she gets some wet food. There is not a lot of room in her "food nook" so after her water dish and dry food dish I needed something small for her wet food and decided the small bowls were perfect. 

My SIL came to visit this week, she was here for dinner so saw me feeding my daughter from one of the bowls, then later on she saw me put "the same" bowl down for the cat and got really angry with me saying I was disgusting, unhygienic etc. I explained that it wasn't the same bowl (I always use the same one for the cat) but apparently it's still bad. She said I'm putting my daughter and the cat at the same level. 

She got some mutual friends involved and now they're all saying I'm an assh*le for treating the cat the same as my daughter. 

I don't know what to think anymore.[removed]My wife and I have been married for two years. I recently noticed after reviewing bank statements that she’s been buying my birthday gifts with my money for the past two years (didn’t notice the first year since it was not super expensive). We have a shared account to pay bills but then we also have our individual credit/debit cards for personal expenses. She’s an authorized user on my credit card but she’ll only use it if I ask her to buy something for me such as work clothes. 

She bought me a Rolex watch this year for my birthday and I felt bad since I didn’t get her anything nearly as expensive for a birthday gift and I told her she shouldn’t have. I also wondered how she could afford it unless she’s been saving. She said she wanted to do something nice for me and she knew I liked it. One day I was attempting to buy a coffee before heading to work and my card was declined. I called the bank and they told me why they blocked the purchase. After reviewing the online statement it does show the watch on my account and that’s not my usual spending habits. 

I talked to my wife about it and she said “I thought I used the shared account, I must’ve pulled out the wrong card by accident. I’m sorry.” I tell her to return it because it’s an unnecessary expense and she told me “just keep it, you can afford it. You know you wanted one anyway. Please appreciate me wanting to do something nice for you”.I've been married for six years and my wife and my mom have never really gotten along. I don't think my mom is an awful MIL, they just don't vibe and they avoid each other if they can. I would describe the relationship as frosty. My mom does respect our boundaries and doesn't undermine us as parents, she just keeps a pretty big distance and doesn't interact much.

My mom hosts all holidays at her house, as does my MIL. My wife and I rotate which family we celebrate with, and my mom is cool with that and has never pressured us to go to her house. Recently my wife has expressed that she wants a turn to host, and she feels like since we have kids (4 and 2) that the moms should hand it over to her. She talked to her mom who was very sad, but agreed to let my wife have one holiday.

I talked to my mom since we both do the communication with our own family, and my mom said no. I gave her my wife's reasons 1) we have young kids 2) we have our own house now and our own little family and it's exciting for my wife 3) my mom got 20 plus years of hosting.

My mom said no again. She said if we don't want to come over we don't have to, but she will not be coming to our house. She said we can invite my side of the family but she honestly thinks that would be an asshole thing to do. i asked if she really would was willing to give up her holiday with her grandkids and she said yes. I did get frustrated and called her selfish. The conversation ended with my mom yelling at me that I'm a hypocrite and she feels like I expect her to care about my wife more than she is obligated to.

I asked around and none of my relatives are willing to come, but my sister did yell at me and said I'm a bad son and I'm disrespectful for thinking our mom should give up something she cares about. I work for my stepdad's company and he is currently not talking to me, and I guess my whole extended family is talking bad about me and they are offended that I thought they would come to my house.[removed][removed]
My niece is engaged to her new boyfriend. They have been dating for 4 months and she is just 19. My brother told her that he will stop funding her life if she marries him. My niece is pretty spoiled. She visited me last week. I think she thought I would be supportive because I was also cut off because  I refused to divorce my wife. 

She was telling me who she knew it would be difficult but she could manage because she loved him. I asked her if she had a budget she said she didn't. I offered to help make her one and she was enthusiastic. 

She didn't know how much he made and when she texted him about it he was being shady and not responding. So I assumed he would make 16 dollars per hour and work 12 hours per a day for 6 days and 10,000 dollars in tips and I assumed she would work the same hours and make the same amount. 

I then showed her how much things will actually cost and budgeted them figures in. I also emphasized that these were very generous assumptions on my part and It is a rosier picture than reality. It still meant that she would have to make substantial changes to her lifestyle and I think it dawned on her how drastically different it would be to date someone without money and be actually married to them. 

She asked me how we made it work and I told her that my wife and I had sat down for hours preparing budgets and getting ready to be cut off and we were cut off in our early thirties and already had two great careers and received other inheritances which had helped immensely/ She was sober and serious when she left my house. 

She broke up with him and has moved back home. It appears she asked him about his salary and it was lower than my assumptions and that freaked her out and she broke up with him.

She is upset and she said I scared her and she really misses him. My wife said that I was a bit manipulative with my assumptions as I did know they were more generous than normal and she would freak out when she tried to make a real budget. I did know that and It does make me feel a bit bad. I feel like I played her here.

ETA : I meant 10K yearly In tips, obviously not weekly.Yesterday, my best friend (25M) and I (25M) went to the mall after going out to eat. At the Target attached to the mall, I really had to go to the bathroom. I went in there, and of the two stalls, only the disabled stall was available. I went in there so I could do what needed to be done. I stepped out of the stall only for someone with crutches to tell me that I was really inconsiderate and rude for using the disabled stall when I clearly wasn't disabled. I hate confrontation and have terrible social anxiety, so I just apologised and went to wash my hands.

The thing is that I *am* disabled—okay, well, not in the eyes of the Social Security Administration, because they're assholes (they've denied me three times). I have both Crohn's and ulcerative colitis (which it's rare to have both, so yeehaw to me)—well, I technically have ulcerative pouchitis. When I was 21, I lost my large intestine to ulcerative colitis. I went through multiple surgeries to create what's called a j-pouch, which is a faux-colon made from the end of the small intestine, hence where the **pouch**itis comes from. Ulcerative colitis and ulcerative pouchitis are the same thing, just based in the different structures. 

Because of all those shenanigans, I generally go to the bathroom 10 - 15 times a day, and—TMI but relevant—I haven't had a solid bowel movement in fifteen years. So, when I have to go, *I have to go.* I normally don't take the disabled stall unless it's the only one available, which it was in this case. The person with the crutches came in after I was already in it, and the other stall was also still occupied.

So, am I the asshole for using the disabled stall when it was the only one available?My (25F) husband (29M) and I are planning to have kids and are having a lot of important conversations before even attempting to conceive. Two big ones have been, who will be in the delivery room, and who will be helping us if we need help once I give birth (baby sitting, etc.). 

I told him I was only comfortable with him and my mother in the delivery room. He told me that wasn’t fair because he doesn’t have a mom or dad (both passed away) and he wanted someone there for him. I asked him if he was the one pushing a baby out and then reiterated that this was my decision and mine alone as I’m the one doing the dirty work. That his only concern should be to support me. 


Then I told him I didn’t want his sister taking care of my child alone because she’d racist, sexist, and just overall an idiot. She’s verbally abusive to her own daughters (making fun of their weight and depression) and that I didn’t want unnecessary confrontation when she eventually says something racist in front of my child and I have to reprimand her for it. I am non confrontational but some things require a kick in the ass. She also keeps trying to name my un-produced child. And that my mother will be able to help whenever needed, IF needed. 


He got upset over both. 


Am I the asshole?



Quick Edit : His sister was not in his life until mid-late last because their grandmother passed away from COVD. I had met her once due to their father getting sick and being hospitalized about a year into our dating. She reached out to see how he was taking it since the grandmother raised him after their mom passed when he was 7. SIL was 20 when she passed and had a family already and was focused on that (no judgement, just a fact).
In that call she found out we wanted to move to a different city and she happened to be living near by so she offered for us to live with her until we could find a place and get settled. We had long convos about that and finally decided to do it as it would only be for a short while. We paid rent while living with her and helped with upkeep of the home, and cooking. He feels indebted to her because of this. Im assuming it’s because it tapped into his abandonment issues regarding his mother passing, fathering checking out mentally after it happened, and then losing his grandmother.





OH and may I add, her own daughter mentioned she didn’t want her in the delivery room because she’s “shy”. Which I think is code for, my mom sucks ass.



EDIT:

Hey everyone! We had another ~extensive~ conversation about the two topics mentioned and he:
A. Apologized for being insensitive to the medical procedure that is birth, and said that he’s fine with not even having anyone come to see the baby on the day of birth (because I explained that since COVID I didn’t feel comfortable just passing my baby around like a rotisserie chicken). 

B. Said he misunderstood me on the not having her care for the baby part. He said he just wants us to include our child when having family events and agrees on his sisters terrible views. He doesn’t want her alone with our child either. 

 But now we’re arguing if sending him out for food craving purchases at 3AM while I’m pregnant is fair and rational. (Obviously I’m kidding and not that much of an asshole… ;) )I(27F) and my sister(27F) are identical twins. She has been told by almost everyone that she is the more beautiful one. My parents favor her more and will do anything that she asks. I used to be jealous of her when I was younger, but quickly got over it. 

She went off to attend college and got engaged after graduating. I wasn't invited to her wedding. She told me it was because they were having food I couldn't eat. My parents threw her a huge wedding that cost hundreds. She and her ex went through a ton of hard times. I tried to be there for moral support, but each time she pushed me away. 

I am now engaged to my fiance(28F). Her parents offered to help with wedding expenses. My parents wanted nothing to do with our wedding. My sister found out we were engaged and started begging me if she could be bridesmaid. I told her no, but she would receive an invite. She blew up on the phone at me that I was choosing friends over family and she deserved to be a bridesmaid. My parents called me and told me to let sister be a bridesmaid. 

AITA for not letting my sister be a bridesmaid?[removed]My brother Martin (M 36) and his wife Lea (F 32) have a daughter (F 5) Ivy. I have huge problem with food, I am lactose and gluten intolerant and also I am on diet because I have diabetes. 

Well, we celebrated my grandpa's (M 75) b-day last weekend and the party included small family circle about 12 people. My grandma cooked lunch and I baked cake and prepared some snack. I also prepared small plate of food for myself and my mum brought me one portion gluten/lactose/sugar free cake. 

So we had a lunch and we put the snack on the table and started to cut the cake and I set mine on plate aside. We were talking laughing and Ivy was running around the table and picking everything she wanted.

She was picking from my plate of stuff suitable for me, so I took it aside and where she couldn't reach it. She forgot it quite quickly.

Well the problem started when she noticed my cake  has small rose on the top. So she took a fork and started to eat it. I told her I can cut her her own piece of cake from my grandpa's cake but she wanted mine. I told her she cannot have it and she run away crying and went to Lea. Lea came to me and ask me if I could give her the cake and I explained why I couldn't do it. I went to the toilet and when I came back I found Ivy sitting on my brother's lap and him feeding her my cake. I was fuming and told him, she ate my only piece of cake and I have almost nothing left. I was pissed because I told them no and Ieft to the kitchen. Lea followed me and told me to stop making drama out of piece of cake and that I m fucking up the party. She also told me she saw me taking my plate away from Ivy and that I am selfish jerk. 

My mum defended me, but my brother told me I am an asshole because Ivy is small child. So AITA?


Edit: the rose couldn't be removed from the cake, it was literally painted on it

There were 2 cakes. 1. Big 2 floor red velvet for my grandpa because he does not like gluten free cakes. 2. Small expensive one piece cake (15$ per piece) that my mum went to pick up to another town for me. Hope it's clear now.

Fuck*n edited to fucking since it's obviously bothering.I'm writing this because I'm standing my ground based on principle but not sure I'm totally right. So my husband and I have separate chores that we've taken on in our relationship and part of mine has always been cleaning the bathrooms. He's never picked up a toilet brush in his life, and I'm usually perfectly fine with doing my part. I cleaned it before we left for dinner tonight and all was well. After dinner, something didn't agree with him and he spent a good 30 minutes in the bathroom (although I could hear him in there playing on his phone for a while). Later, when I went to use it myself, I found that it was destroyed in a way I'm struggling to describe. Dried crap was splattered all over the bowel, all over the bottom of the seat, it was BAD, like I actually gagged. And I had just cleaned it before we left, so I was especially pissed that he'd made no effort to correct the situation.

When I told him I was grossed out, he pretended that he didn't know he'd left it that way, which didn't make sense because he has eyes. I said that he needs to clean it, no way am I doing it, especially since I'd just done it hours before. He said so what I'd just done it, that bathroom is my job. He then said that he'd just bought me dinner, and me refusing to clean up his mess made me ungrateful (although he's just come back from a 3 week vacation and I took care of our two kids by myself and the dinner was supposed to be a thank you for that). Things escalated and ended by him shouting "if you don't clean it that will show me who you really are" and I don't even know what that means. All I know is I feel like if the situation were reversed, I wouldn't have left such a mess for him and told him it's his problem to deal with.

So AITA for not doing a chore I would normally do because of this specific situation? I acknowledge the this is normally my job, but I feel like this is NOT a normal situation!

EDIT: so after reading all the comments and thinking over my husband's patterns of behavior, I have a bigger problem than just a nuclear explosion in the toilet. This is the same man who wanted me to make sure me and the kids didn't get Covid because it would ruin his 3 week trip (not because we could like, DIE, or anything). The same person when he saw me clearly grieving over the loss of a dear friend to covid, called it a buzzkill because I wasn't in the mood for sex. AND the kicker was when he called my dear friend a moron for not getting vaccinated and therefore kind of deserved what he got (my friend left behind 4 little girls who I guess don't deserve a dad?). All this is just a month's worth of incidents where I'm slowly starting to wake up to the fact that's he not really a good person. it's gotten progressively worse in the last month and I'm really not sure who I married anymore.

This morning the first thing he said to me when he got up (at noon) was "So are you finally ready to apologize for your behavior last night?" No, but I am ready to move myself into the guest room (which is close to the toilet that is still usable). There's some changes coming and I can't believe I didn't see this relationship for what it was until a bunch of strangers told me what was up. THANK YOU TO EVERYONE- this doormat has grown a backbone!So my friend is vegetarian for moral reasons and raised her kids vegetarian. She is a very strict parent. The children are 13 and 14 and can't even watch Harry potter.  We live next door to each other and our parenting styles are pretty much opposites but we are still friends and we look after each others children. They call me auntie and vice versa.

The other day I was making vegetable soup for my kids. I always sweat the vegetables with bacon and end it with cream and bacon bits. The kids love it and it is easy to make. So we eat it quite often. The kids from next door came over at about the time I was serving dinner and asked if they could have some. I did think about it for a minute but decided it's 99% vegetables so why not? They loved it. 

A few days pass and I forget all about it and my neighbour asked me for the soup recipe her kids had because they won't stop asking for it. Without thinking I give it to her and she reads that there is bacon in it and she flips out. She bans me from ever seeing her kids again and has gone to polite greetings when she sees me but nothing more. 

Aita?

People keep assuming the kids had no idea there was meat. They knew! I told them there was bacon in it and the children still wanted the soup. My second to think was me thinking if I should say no without asking them

Idk why people keep saying I don't agree with my friend or how she parents. I think she is an amazing mum we are just different people with different ways of thinking and because of that we see things differently and sometimes we don't understand each other. I am not against being vegetarian and my kids go to hers often to eat vegetarian meals. I just didn't see it as a big deal at the time because that is how I am and how I parent. She saw it as a big deal and that's perfectly OK she is justified to do so. We clashed over this and both of us didn't understand the others way of seeing the issue and it caused a problem jesus christ im not trying to convert her kids to eating meat.

UPDATE: ok sooo we went and got a coffee together. She messaged me out of the blue wanting to talk. Turns out the kidlets have been eating meat behind her back for a while now and confessed to her. She asked me what to do and I said if I was me I would let them eat meat outside of the house but stay vegetarian in the house. She said she hasn't completely forgiven me for going behind her back even if I didn't mean to upset her like I did but she doesn't want to stop being friends. As for her kids she will think about it and make her own decision on whether she will allow them to eat meat outside the house. She is just scared it will get crazy out of control but I have no advice on that.

Ok final update: the kids told me that their mum is allowing them to eat meat outside of the house. She actually sent me a text telling me this but the kids coming round to tell me themselves was so cute! So the kids can eat meat outside the house but she said it can't be junk food like McDonald's or something. So I guess I will be having two guests for dinner more often. As a thank you and apology me and all the kids are making an apple pie. I hope this is the end of this problem and we can all move on! Thanks for advice and helping me see why I was in the wrong 

[here is the recipe for everyone that keeps asking ](https://imgur.com/a/OzdvFEq)So my husband(31M) has always loved Christmas and everything even remotely related to it, while i don't really care(31F). Since my family is not Christian nor do they live in this country, we usually end up spending the holidays with his family. 

He has always lived in a large household and everyone there shares the same enthusiasm for Christmas he has which always makes it fun.

The problem is that now my husband said that he wants us to host Christmas at our house the next year and i was like ok sure, until he clarified he meant that I gad to host it prepare the dinner and do all the grunt work. Now i have no idea what goes into Christmas. My family is from a different religion and my childhood only consist of me and my dad so holidays have never been a huge deal for me. I dont know how to do all the stuff required.

 He had already told them we'd be hosting Christmas and i got mad and said how can you say that without even asking?

So i told him clearly that it's  not my responsibility to host Christmas for your family since i don't really care one way or another but now he is accusing me of ruining his lifelong wish and he ended up telling his mother about it so know my MIL and SIL's are blowing up my phone by saying why am i being such a "grinch".
He has been sulking ever since we came back last night

I'm firm on my stance but im still wondering since its just a one time thing i should just suck it up[removed][removed]My brother is 14 and I'm 15. Its always been really obvious to me that he's the favorite child and my parents treat him differently to me. His room is twice the size of mine, he gets money to go out with his friends and eat but if I want to go out I have to use money I saved from my birthday or Christmas or when grandma visits, I get in trouble for things he doesn't get in trouble for, there's higher expectations on me, if my parents need help with something its always me they ask not him, stuff like that.

I've been trying to explain to them that we get treated differently and they don't agree. They think its just in my head. I would give them examples like how my brother is always really grumpy and barely speaks to them but if I'm in a bad mood and barely speak to them for *one day* I get in trouble. But they said its different and got annoyed when I tried to get them to explain why.

My brother has been doing this thing lately where he gets annoyed about something (I think it's when he loses in a video game or his game freezes or something but I'm not sure because its always in his room) and he starts swearing and slamming his hand on his desk, then he stomps around the house slamming doors for like an hour. This happens maybe once a week. It scares my cat and honestly it scares me too. But my parents just ignore it.

He did it yesterday while I was holding the cat and my arms got shredded because the cat panicked. I asked my mom if she's gonna talk to him about his outbursts and she said I should just ignore it and he'll grow out of it. So today I decided I'd test out what happens if I do the exact same thing as him. I waited until the cat was in the other end of the house so I didn't scare him and I swore and thumped my hand on my desk. 

I didn't even get to do anything else like slamming doors because my mom got *so angry* right away and burst into my room and started yelling at me. When she took a breath I said "ok so now you've practised with me, you can tell (my brother) off next time he does it, right?" and she got even more mad and said I need to grow up and stop focusing on my brother so much and I should just focus on myself because its up to my parents to decide how to deal with our behavior not me. 

So now I'm grounded for swearing once and thumping my hand on my desk once, but my brother does that and then slams doors and stomps around the house like once a week and has never even been told to stop. And still my parents won't admit they treat us differently. My dad even came in later to tell me off all over again for copying my brother just to prove a point but wouldn't acknowledge I did actually make my point, he just kept saying I was just being immature.

AITA?

ETA uh I think a lot of people are reading too much into this maybe based on their own experiences and assumptions. My parents are totally fine to be around *except* for the fact that they're strict when they think I'm out of line but not with my brother. We get along fine every other time. Just because they're hypocrites doesn't mean they're psychos. My brother is not autistic. He's just recently gotten anger issues and my parents haven't bothered to do anything about it. He's not even completely dependant on them, like he cooks his own meals and cleans his own room and does chores just like me. He just gets extra money and a bigger room and doesn't get called out when he's being shitty.[removed]This week, I(28f) hosted a family gathering. The people there were my sister and her family(4 in total), my brother and his wife, my boyfriend, and mine and his parents. 

I live relatively out in the country, so it's not exactly common for whole properties to be fenced, usually it's just fences for animals. 

Since it was nice out, we ate lunch outside. Some of the food wasn't immediately brought inside after we ate, including some deserts that were mostly chocolate, and a bit of fruit. I figured the food would probably be fine being left out for a little bit, and if not it could just be thrown away. The food was covered, too. 

After we ate, we went down to the small pond that's on my property for a little bit(probably half an hour/45 minutes). It has a nice dock and view of the trees, and is a great place to spend some time. 

When we got back up to where the food was left, the neighbors dog was on the table, eating the food, and had ripped the covers off. 

I got my neighbors and they apologized, but asked what the dog had eaten. I told them, and some of the food was toxic to dogs(chocolate, grapes, etc). 

They started freaking out and rushed their dog to the vet. Yesterday they contacted me and asked if I would pay the vet bills. Their dog survived, but needed extensive care and had wracked up quite a bit in vet bills. 

I offered to pay a quarter of the bills, but they wanted all of it, because the food she ate was mine. I told them if they hadn't let their dog on my property it wouldn't have eaten my food. 

They said that it had accidentally gotten out and they didn't mean to, and that I should pay all the bills. I then made a remark about how they should pay for the food the dog ate, but they weren't amused and got more upset. 

I told them a quarter or nothing, and they're still upset about it and want me to pay more. I did leave the food out, though. 

AITA for not paying the full cost?15 months ago, my new wife told me she wanted a dog.  I had been told by my stepchildren and her longtime friends that my wife has a long history of wanting a dog more than anything in the world (she has the worst case of ADHD I’ve ever seen in an adult), then finding a new home for the dog when she gets tired of it.  After a long conversation, she assured me that wouldn’t happen, so I explained how much I love dogs and that she couldn’t make a dog part of my family and then take it away.  She promised.

Fast-forward a few months, and the newness wore off for her as my affection grew for our (very small) dog.  He’s not perfect—even after more than a year we can’t get him to consistently poop outside—but he’s such a happy, affectionate puppy.

Without consulting me first, my wife spent $2,000 on a new dog (a whole other issue) last summer.  As her interest in the new dog grew, her disdain for our first dog also grew.

She wants to get rid of the first dog.  I’ve told her she made him part of my family, and I’m now a package deal which includes him, so he’s going nowhere.  She thinks I’m an asshole for not standing by her.  AITA?

EDIT: Thank you all for the feedback, messages, and awards. I started off trying to respond to all comments, but there were just too many. 

My wife is clearly the asshole, and I’m putting pieces in place to make her my ex wife.  She gave me her word, I gave her my trust, and she abused it.

I work from home and crate the dogs if I leave (since no one else in the house will lift a finger for them), so I’m not worried about one of them “accidentally” getting out, and I sincerely think she knows better than to physically abuse them.

Her interest in the newer dog is starting to fade, so I’m sure when I leave (she owned the house before we met), I’ll be taking both of them.  Since she’s impulse-shopped us close to poverty, it’s going to be a slow process getting funds together before I walk out the door.

She’s in therapy and takes a casserole of daily meds, although I’m certain she’s a covert narcissist who misidentifies as an empath, no therapist can help her because she’s delusional, and no man is ever going to find prolonged happiness with her.  This is all shit I wish I’d have known before marrying her, but live and learn.[removed]Last night I went to Walmart because I can get a 24 pack of truly for $23ish. 

I checked out no issue, and threw out my receipt on my way out. As I continued to walk out  an employee told me to stop and that she needed to see my receipt. I asked why and she said since my item wasn’t in a bag she needed to see my receipt. I told her I don’t have my receipt because I just threw it out. She asked my why I would do that and I said I because I didn’t need it. *edit: adding that the way she asked wasn’t polite. She also refused to put on her mask

She went on to berate me for throwing away my receipt and she said I needed it or she wouldn’t let me leave. I again told her I threw it out. She told me I needed to get the receipt out of the trash. I told that if she needed my receipt that bad she could get the receipt herself.

I tried to get her to get the lady who helped me check out but she said she couldn’t leave her post and she wouldn’t let me go get the lady. The lady did eventually see the commotion and confirmed she did help me check out. But the other lady wasn’t taking that answer and still said she needed the receipt. 

Finally the lady gave up and said “you know what this isn’t worth it. But next time I see you, you better believe I’m going to make your experience here even worse because assholes like you make my job a living hell” I have already reported this lady to both the Walmart itself and corporate. But I’m curious if I’m the asshole?

I should add that she saw me throw away my receipt and saw me check out

I will also add during this interaction she refused to pull up her face mask after I asked her several times to pull it up because she kept getting in my face and making me uncomfortable.I (20F) am vegan and went to a friend’s backyard barbecue. I wasn’t expecting to eat food there since my friend’s family only likes meat, but there was a tasty fruit salad I loved.

My friend’s brother (21F) was the one who made it, and I said thank you for cooking a tasty vegan dish and I liked it. He said that the dish is not vegan, and it just doesn’t have meat or dairy in it. I said that’s what vegan food is. He was getting increasingly angry and finally said “I didn’t make any fucking vegan food. And if you ever come back, know that there won’t be any fucking salad for you to eat next time. Don’t you ever come to my home calling me a vegan.”

It was meant as a compliment. Not an insult. AITA?  
When my little brother Teddy was born, his umbilical cord was wrapped around his neck. According to my mom, he wasn't breathing for at least three minutes. Since then my parents often used that as an excuse for Teddy's behavior. My childhood became a living hell with Teddy. 

"Give Teddy your candy! He died coming into this world"

"Let him play with your friends! He died coming into this world!"

"Let him open your presents! Teddy almost didn't have a birthday!" 

I had to put up with Teddy's tantrums, abuse, fits and bad behavior. If I touched a single hair on his head, I got punished while Teddy got away with whatever he did. It became so bad that when I was 15, I moved out the house to live with family members away from Teddy. My contact with my parents and Teddy is limited. Currently I'm 35 and Teddy is 26. When he was 18, he decided he wanted to be a competitive eater which turned into just eating. Teddy now weighs almost 600lbs. 

Cause of his weight, he can't hold a job and lives with our parents who still cater to him and pay for everything.  Since Teddy requires round the clock care, my parents hardy leave the house. They weren't present at my wedding, only see the grandkids if I bring them around and all family events like dinners have to held at their house cause its hard to move Teddy. A few days ago Teddy suffered a bad fall that put him in the hospital. My husband and I at least came to see him. 

My parents complained that the hospital wasn't feeding him enough, didn't have a wheelchair big enough for him and naturally they didn't want to hear anything about his weight. It would be easier to turn water into gold. To make a long story short, my parents pulled my husband and I aside and asked a large amount money for Teddy's care. They said that they didn't have money to keep caring for him and were having to dip into their retirement funds. They even suggested that once Teddy is cleared to go home, he move in with us cause my husband and I are well off with a bigger house and so "We can get a break cause we have to care for him all year round while you just visit."  

I said no. My husband told them hell no! We both work full time. Our kids are enrolled in sports and dance. We made it clear that Teddy would not be moving in with us nor would we be moving our schedule around to deal with him or giving them the money even though we could afford it. 

"He's your brother! You almost didn't have a brother!" 

We left the hospital. My mom later called me, berating me abandoning the family and Teddy and demanding money. I told her I would not care for Teddy under any circumstances. Even if something happened to her and my dad, I would not care for my brother and he's her problem. Not mine. My mom cursed me out over the phone and hung up. I do feel a little bad cause Teddy is my brother but he made my life hell and my parents refuse to take any responsible for his behavior. AITA?I’m a mother of a 4 month old baby girl. I breastfeed her exclusively, and have had a fairly good supply. Recently she has been unable to latch on my left breast, and I have been pumping that side, so I have a decent stockpile of milk. My sister also recently had a baby and decided against breastfeeding (which I support. Fed is best)

My issue arose when she came over one day and asked if she could take my breast milk. She decided formula was too expensive and she would just take my breast milk that I pump. I told her no, that I was saving that in case baby girl has issues latching again or if I’m not around and she needs to be fed. 

My sister freaked out and told me I didn’t need that much and I could always pump more so giving her what I have pumped so far wouldn’t matter. We argued for a while and she got our parents involved. Now it’s become a whole family issue and the people who disagree have been blowing up my phone. 


Am I being unreasonable?


A small edit before it gets much traction: my sister decided not to breastfeed because she did not want her boobs to sag. Not exactly the most relevant but I figured someone might ask that questionThrowaway: I (37F) have a little Sister named "Valerie" and a wonderful daughter named "Lucy." As Lucy has entered her teen years, she has become a lot more self conscious. She constantly compares herself to friends at school, celebrities, etc. I currently have her attending Therapy and I also try my best to remind her that she's beautiful just the way she is.

Valerie took her daughter and Lucy to the Mall yesterday. When Lucy got back home, I asked how her day went. She smiled and said that she had a good time. About three hrs later, I went into Lucy's room to put some of her clothes away. When I opened her door, I saw Lucy laying in her bed crying. I asked her what happened? She pulled out her phone and showed me some pics that Valerie had posted on social media.

Valerie had posted pics of herself, her daughter and Lucy hanging out at the Mall. Lucy then pointed out that Valerie had obviously photoshopped her. She made her complexion clearer, her teeth whiter and even slimmed in her waist. Lucy also pointed out that Valerie only photoshopped her in the pics. Lucy dropped her phone on the ground and cried her eyes out. 

Eventually, Lucy told me that she just wanted to be alone for a while. I left and went outside because I was ready to unleash on Valerie! I called her and demanded to know why she would alter Lucy's image. She got defensive and said, "Last time I checked, I could post whatever I want on my account." I told her about how crushed Lucy was when she saw the pics.

Valerie doubled down and told me that she was simply making Lucy look "better." I told her that Lucy is fine just the way she is and I don't appreciate her destroying Lucy's confidence. We kept yelling at each other and things continued to escalate. Valerie yelled that she doesn't want her daughter around Lucy because I'm a "drama queen!" I yelled back, "Good. I don't want my daughter to be around a dollar store Instagram slut anyway!"

She told me to go fuck myself, hung up on me and blocked me everywhere. I haven't mentioned this conversation to Lucy because she's stressed out enough already. My Husband says that I went too far and that I should've been more mature since I'm the "big sister." AITA?

EDIT: My insult was directed towards Valerie after she called me a "drama queen." The insult was not directed towards my Niece. Just wanted to clear that up.I (21f) have been with my boyfriend (24m) for 4 years. We are both in college and don't have a lot of money altogether because of that. I have more money saved up but that's only for college so I don't really even consider that money that I Have (If that makes sense).

So I am deathly allergic to peanuts and it has been this way my whole life, I was told even the smallest spec could kill me. I have been very careful and in my entire life, I've only had to use my EpiPen twice.

My boyfriend knows this, yet he continues to eat peanut products but I just make sure not to kiss him when he has had something peanut that day, he washes, etc. personally, I never liked that he just didn't stop because I feel like he was putting me in danger but I also couldn't force him to stop either and it has worked for the past for years.

What happened: So he came over into my dorm and we were just hanging out and he kissed me and a couple of minutes later I could feel my throat swelling and my lips getting bigger, I instantly knew that I was having an allergic reaction. I grabbed my EpiPen and shot it into my leg and told my boyfriend to take me to the ER. Even with the EpiPen I was struggling and was nearly passing out, my boyfriend was really freaking out too. Once I got to the ER I was taken in and the last I remember was passing out on the wheelchair in.

I woke up and my reaction was down and I was having the side-effects of the adrenaline, but overall okay. I got my phone out and my phone was blown up with apologies on how he forgot he ate a Reeses cup and he was so sorry and to please forgive him.

Once I finally got home and settled down (My parent picked me up) I told my boyfriend he should be responsible for my medical bill and a new EpiPen (The other one my school has) and he was telling me he has no money and he can't, and that I have more money than him, etc. I was pretty peeved off at him because he just nearly killed me and now he won't even take responsibility for my medical bills.

Well, word got out to his family and I received rude texts from his mom saying it's my allergy so I should have to pay the medical bill, and I was the one irresponsible. I got mad and texted my boyfriend saying it was dumb to bring his mom into this then proceeded to say if he doesn't I'm going to take him to small claims court because I don't have an extra $5,000 to spare for a medical bill. He got very upset and I'm pretty sure our relationship is over now.

I've gotten a lot more texts from his mom now, and from his sisters and I'm choosing to ignore them. My parents agree with me that I should go and do that, but I'm just not sure.

So WIBTA?

edit: I would also like to say in the past (and I have on texts) we've agreed if he had any peanuts he needs to tell me, which he did not this time. 


I've been with my wife for 4 years. I have a 20 year old daughter and she and my wife were never able to form a strong bond and one of the reasons for that is distance. My wife did try to get close to my daughter in the past but my daughter claimed she was just attempting to control her rather than have a respectful relationship with her. They had past issues but now get along a bit.


My daughter was visiting for thanksgiving and brought her honda car with her. I was out of the house when my wife who's car been sitting in the garage for a month now took my daughter's car keys without her permission while she was showering and left in it for nearly 2hrs. My daughter called me as soon as she got out of the bathroom and was freaking out saying neither her car or my wife were there. I tried to calm her down as I tried to get ahold of my wife but she did not respond. We at this point figured my wife took the car but did not know where she was or when she was coming back. My daughter searched my wife's closet then called the cops and reported her car taken. She called back to tell me my wife's closet was half empty and cops were called. I got off work and went home immediately and on tje way home my wife called crying she just got picked up by the cops at walmat and was brought into the station I went over there and met my daughter there.

We discussed what happened and it turned out my wife took the car to go do some shopping and left my daughter a note in the kitchen to let her know since she doesn't have her number and took clothes from her closet she packed earlier in the morning for church donations but my daughter thought she ran away and told the cops that this woman (my wife) ran away with her car. My daughter got her car back and my wife was let go after filling out a form. I took her home that is where she had a fight with my daughter calling her crazy for calling the cops on her and few other things I can't remember but I told my wife what she did was unacceptable and she should be grateful my daughter only callee the cops in a moment of panic and did not press charges after what she did. My wife was shocked and started crying saying she couldn't believe I sided with my daughter after she humiliated her and caused her panic and to be involved with the cops like that. I stated that she should have not touched that key in the first place and she defended herself saying she was getting things done and buying stuff we needed for the house but we made her out to be the bad guy.

She left to her sister's place saying she had enough of my daughter's disgraceful and vindict attitude towards her and said she'll stay there indefinately or until I get my priorities straight because after what happened she's no longer sure if she is my wife or wether she was treated as such.

* My wife's car isn't working and has been in the garage for a while now that is why she took my daughter's car.This story involves a miscarriage, which I know is a sensitive topic so a head's up if you find this topic difficult.

I (32F) am now 8 weeks pregnant with my third child. Nearly two weeks ago, my sister (34F) went into labour at thirty weeks and her little boy unfortunately didn't make it. It was understandably really traumatic and she has been inconsolable. It was made worse by the fact that it took her four years to conceive.

I only found out I was pregnant at 6 weeks and 3 days, a couple of days after my sister miscarried. I figured it was best not to tell her as it was too soon and it would put salt in the already gaping wound. My family does know that we were trying. My morning sickness was starting to act up in a couple of days leading up to the funeral, but I never considered canceling as I needed to support my sister at this time.

The service went according to plan, but problems started happening at the wake, which comprised of the entirety of both my sister and BIL's families and some friends at my BIL's parents house. My excuse for not drinking was easy as I'm teetotal without being pregnant, but it got difficult when my nausea hit. I excused myself to the bathroom, where I promptly threw up. My brother's wife (SIL), who is one of my best friends, followed me up. She straight up said 'You're pregnant, aren't you?' I responded, 'Yes, but don't tell anyone. Today's about making sis and BIL comfortable.' My SIL congratulated me and said she understood. Unbeknownst to me, my BIL's teenage sister was in her bedroom next to the bathroom, instead of with the family and proceeded to spread the news around the wake before I managed to get downstairs.

My sister confronted me crying and asked if it was true. I said yes but I didn't mean for her to find out like this. She screamed that 'I could conceive easier than a fucking rabbit (I admit this is true, and something that I know has caused a bit of pain as my other kids are 2 and 9 months) and I was flaunting my pregnancy while she suffered.' It ended with her retreating to the bedroom and just screaming. It was awful.

Everyone thinks I'm the AH, except my husband and SIL. My BIL is refusing to look me in the eye, even after I explained the situation. He says I should have known that his sister was in her room. My mum said I could have easily said to my SIL that I caught a bug from one of my daughters, but I believe BIL's sister (who has a habit for attention-seeking) would have spread rumours anyways, and it was a private conversation. My brother is fighting with my SIL and believes that she shouldn't have asked. I think I just need an unbiased opinion. So AITA?

&#x200B;

Edit:

SIL and I apologised for any upset caused, and while my sister and BIL have forgiven me for the incident (all three of BIL's other siblings said that we were in the right and have helped him see that she is an attention seeker with the help of her past history of pulling shit like this at school and with the family), they have decided to keep their distance as the pregnancy is too raw. I respect that, and both parties look forward to meeting in the near future when things feel more settled.

Overall, pretty positive.[removed]I really cannot believe this but my family and friends are split pretty much 50/50. While I think more than half that think I’m TA do so because they don’t like cats, it’s bothering me.

I took one of my cats to the vet yesterday for his yearly checkup. My vet has relaxed restrictions so it’s no longer the techs coming out to get the cat from the car, we’re now back sitting in the waiting room. 

He is a big cat but not overweight, something in the mix of his genes created a large dude - 18.2 pounds. Due to his size, he doesn’t fit in the carriers I have for my other cats so I use an older carrier that was for my smallish dog. This carrier was used to transport my dog overseas *not* in cargo, so it’s TSA approved and nicer than the average carrier. Little more roomy, not plastic, lots of mesh for visibility, quite cozy. The poor thing had to sit in it for 8 hours, of course we wanted him to be as comfortable as possible. But as I said, it’s older. It has scuff marks and shows normal wear and tear, so it’s not like I was carrying a fresh out of the sweatshop Prada handbag with a cat inside. 

There was another woman in the waiting room with her cat in a large plastic kennel-sort of unit, the ones where you can unlatch and separate the top from the bottom halves, easily twice the size of my carrier. 

I was focused on calming my cat down so wasn’t really paying attention to her, but heard her coughing and clearing her throat repeatedly so I asked if she was okay. 

She sort of scoffed and said I must be insecure if I have to show off at the vet’s office. I didn’t understand what she meant so I just shrugged. She however clarified, saying I should be ashamed to flaunt my wealth when others are having such a hard time even finding homes. Again, I had no idea what she was talking about so I said I’m not doing anything like that. 

She got upset and said I’ve clearly never worked a day in my life so I wouldn’t understand what it feels like to be a working mother and watch some white trash bring in a designer cat carrier. 

I got pissed and said the carrier is 6 years old, a year older than the cat inside of it, and even if I didn’t have the benefit of reusing something of high quality I would’ve sure as shit managed to buy something more comfortable for my stressed out cat than the plastic bin she’s got for hers (there wasn’t even a towel inside it for the poor cat to lay on). I may not be wealthy but I at least give a shit about my pets. 

I got called back before she could reply. I know it was a low blow, but I was minding my own business when she got up in mine. AITA?I'm currently living with my parents while my hubs gets a rented place sorted, hopefully moving out in the next few days.

We have two toddlers and a little over five months ago I had an emergency c section with triplets. We lost one of our sons when he was two months old. 

Talking about babies is a touchy subject, as one wpuld expect, but I feel as if I'm getting much better. Pretty quick, "We had triplets but we lost one," or "We have five kids but one is an angel baby," to avoid awkward questions. I refuse to not talk about my son, he's just as much my child as my other four, and he always deserves to be mentioned. 

As such when we're talking to family and what not, things can get a little awkward. I try not to correct anyone when they're referred to as twins, even if it does upset me some.

Anyway, tensions have been high, I've started packing up my things, ready to leave - my parents are getting pissy, but its whatever. My mom made a comment about my four children, I snapped and told her I have five kids, and she ought to remember that. 

My sister then got involved, and essentially told me to just "give up on my triplet dream" because all I do is make everyone uncomfortable when I mention him. 

I was pretty inconsolable, and it delved into a fight after I'd got the kids upstairs. It wasnt very long - maybe ten minutes, I can't leave the kids unsupervised - but in that ten minutes I called her a cold hearted bitch, and told her she would never understand the suffering of losing a child. She called me dramatic, parents told me if I didnt calm down they'd be forced to kick me out, so I went upstairs. 

I ended up calling my husband and breaking quarantine because god did I need that comfort. First time we've seen him in person in five weeks. 

That was three days ago. Everything has been ten times more awkward, and my sister is still acting all upset because I hurt her feelings. Parents tossed out over two hundred ounces of pumped milk which really iced the cake. 

I'm being treated like my reaction was unwarranted. She basically told me my dead baby was unimportant, and I'm being treated like some kind of monster for insulting her.

I have apologised to keep the peace, but it hasn't improved much. Was what I said really so shitty?My husband has a very hard time working in the mornings. He sets a ridiculous amount of alarms and is the root of one of our common petty arguments. 

He will set 5min intervals for 1 whole hour. If he is trying to get up at 7:30am, his alarm will start at 6:30am and go off every 5mins. And he takes a while to snooze. It's miserable for me. I go to work at 5am on some days, and other days I am able to shift my schedule to 7:30am. So on those days, I look forward to being able to sleep in just a little longer. Obviously I can't do that if an obnoxious alarm is going off every 5 mins. It's so loud that on days I want to sleep in because I don't have work, his alarm will wake our baby in the other room which means I have to get up at 7am on my rare days off. I have begged him to try harder, I've offered compromise, I have asked him to shift his alarm to maybe 30mins so I can get that extra 30min shut eye. He's convinced he won't wake up if he doesn't have that much alarms. Some days he'll completely miss to wake up and be very late for work but that's because he plays games on his phone at night and will fall asleep, and forget to charge his phone! 

Today, I decided I wasn't going to take it any longer. It waa my day to sleep in until 7:30am, but the alarms started at 6:30. Again at 6:35. Another at 6:40. At 6:45, I turned on the lights and yelled at him to get up and leave. He was startled, asking why? It's still early. I said, if you're gonna set alarms that early, you're going to get up and leave early. I told him it's ridiculous that everyone around him needs to suffer because he can't get himself on a better sleep schedule. He started saying "well I guess I'll just not set my alarms and keep getting late and then I'll get fired". He stormed off and went to work and now is really upset that he's at work an hour earlier than he should be here.I'm 22f, I have a 3 year daughter and we are homeless. I lost my job and my home at the beginning of the pandemic. I have since found alternative employment. We are not on the streets, but are living out of a hotel. The problem for me is coming up with a deposit, pretty much everywhere requires the first two months rent, the last month and a deposit. That coupled with a grand a month for rent in my area, its proving difficult to come up with a deposit.

My sister keeps offering to take my daughter so that she has a room of her own to stay in but every single time, I have refused. In the hotel, my daughter has a privacy curtain between our beds, so she has visual privacy and she also doesn't want to move in with her aunt. 

Recently, my parents found out about my sisters offer and are really pissed off I won't accept, they've called child services on me twice, who found no issue with our current situation since it's not illegal to be homeless with a child. My daughter has everything she needs except a back garden to run around in and child services are just fine with that.

My parents still think I should accept my sisters offer to provide my daughter with her own room and think I'm being a major asshole by not doing so. I don't really think I'm being the asshole here since my daughter also does not want to go. AITA?

ETA: My sister wants me to cover all of my daughters expenses if she goes thereI(27f) live with my roommate(J)(30f). I own the house but she helps with bills and stuff. 

J has seizures and anxiety. She takes medicine but it doesn't always work and its really bad when it doesn't. 

She recently went to her doctor and they recommended that she get a service dog that would alert to her seizures and do deep pressure therapy. 

Over the weekend she brought it up to me and told me what the doctor had told her. She said she had reached out to someone who bred service dogs already. 

I was pissed when I found out. 

I am allergic to dogs, really badly. It gets hard for me to breathe if I go in someone's house and they have a dog. I can take some medicine but if there's dog hair everywhere then it'll only make it better and it'll still be uncomfortable. 

I told her that, and she had known that when she moved in. She said that she would get a non allergenic dog like a poodle or a goldendoodle. 

I still have allergies to those. It's better, but still pretty bad and, again, medicine doesn't completely help. 

I told her that she has gotten on so far without one, and that if she got one it either couldn't come inside or she'd have to move out. 

J said that was unfair as she can't afford to move anywhere else, and it's something possibly life threatening compared to discomfort. 

She hasn't made a decision yet but my family asked about it because she's friends with them. 

They think I'm being an asshole for threatening to kick her out when she has nowhere to go, and that she'd be getting a dog that wouldn't cause allergies anyway. J is also pretty upset with me about this. 

I'm starting to think I should just let her get the dog and take the allergies pills and mild discomfort but I don't know. 

Am I the Asshole for saying she can't stay with me if she got a service dog?Edited to clarify: 1) Ava is not child free (according to what Theo told me 2) I’m pro choice and have no problems with other women choosing abortion, it’s just something Barry and I don’t personally agree with In our lives……
I apologise for making such a long post. I'll be using fake names btw.

I (19F) am 5 months pregnant. It was not planned at all but my fiancé, Barry (21M) and I decided to go ahead with the pregnancy after considering our options for a long time. My best friend, Theo (20M) has been nothing but supportive and helpful. Theo got into a pretty serious relationship a few months ago but I have never met her so I suggested we have a dinner party and invite some other friends as well.

Ava (23F) seemed very sweet at first but then I noticed that she seemed cold towards me. I thought it was just me but Barry asked me about it as well. I thought she may just be having a hard time surrounded by new people so I didn't make a big deal out of it.

We all sat down to have dinner and Ava asked me how my pregnancy was going. I thanked her for asking and said it was alright. I steered the conversation to another topic just because I didn't want that to be the topic of the night. It was alright from then onwards for a while. Ava seemed to get along well with everyone.

I was feeling a bit tired so I excused myself and went to get a cold drink. When I came back my friends were just making sure I was okay and asked me if we should wrap up the party early and I said no. Ava made a comment about pregnancy being hard and I agreed with her saying it's the hardest thing ever. She then said "No offence but why the fuck didn't you guys consider abortion" while laughing. I felt like that was such an awkward thing to ask...no one really answered but then Barry said it just wasn't something we could do. He asked everyone if they needed more drinks, in an attempt to change the topic but Ava continued.

She said (something along the lines of) "You guys know you're ruining your life right like yikes" still laughing.. So I told her, a bit rudely, to please not say things like this since I was feeling uncomfortable. She replied saying she was brutally honest and that people liked that about her. I was thinking, I just met this girl.

I just couldn't deal with this for the rest of the night so I told her to "please get out and maybe learn some manners" and I guess she didn't expect me to say it but she did get out. Theo was so angry at me, he said I was ruining him and just left with her. After a few awkward moments our other friends supported my decision and we had a good night.

Yesterday Theo messaged me (for the first time after the incident) and told me that Ava was refusing to speak to him and he said "thanks I hope you're happy". Idk why that specific sentence just made me feel guilty. I believe I may have been the asshole, she was a new member of the group and maybe I was overreacting and she didn't mean to insult me. Barry thinks otherwise but he may be biased so.

Hello everyone!, I f32 have been with my fiance Kevin m37 for 3 years. I'm 4 months pregnant and have a stepson (Teddy) and he's 9yo and we live at Kevin's house.


I work and provide while Kevin's unemployed. I was recently given a different position at my company so now I work from home but the problem is that we have no office; Only 3 rooms. Our bedroom + Teddy's bedroom + Teddy's playroom. I need private space to work and I asked Kevin if I could use Teddy's playroom and he said no. I asked again and he said no means no even after I begged.

Last week, I admittedly got fed up with tv noises while working in the livingroom and decided I was going to move Teddy's toys to his bedroom and turn the playroom into an office. I organized everything while Kevin was out and when he came home he lost control of his nerves and had an argument with me about how I should have never done that. He told me I needed to understand that this is his house and every room in it belongs to him and I should have never overstepped and taken Teddy's playroom and "kicked' him out like that - I agreed with few of his points. Yes, it's his house and his name's in the lease and no one can deny that....However, and to put it bluntly,, I pay for everything around here. Water, electricity, other bills and I handle renovations and moreso, I filled that room with toys Teddy can play with - I'm fine with that he's my son that I didn't give birth to and Kevin knows how much I adore Teddy and willing to sacrifice for him but kept yelling at me that I overstepped and was only making Teddy hate me gradually starting by taking his playroom! His favorite part of the house!!!. I argued with him deeper about it and told him I did this not out of malice but to work so I can continue to provide for the family since he's employed. Don't know how he managed to call that "obvious financial abuse and control" and said that no decent future wife shows this amount of disrespect and inconsideration for her future husband's wishes and rules and that hurt me because I've already tried to communicate my problems and he's just dismissing me completely. He demanded I put everything back but I said sorry but no. He told me I have an attitude that doesn't look good for a step mom, Called me selfish and told me to go explain to Teddy how I have no problem stealing his room and refusing to give it back and to not be surprised if he begins resenting me even if he agrees to let me have it.

I understand Kevin has always been protective of his son and puts him first which not many dads do and he even said he chose me to be his partner based on how close I am to his son but this issue basically caused a rift between us.My brother and his wife had their first baby 7 months ago. My mother who lives with me recently started watching the baby instead of placing in daycare. So the baby is at my house all week. It’s been a month and my mom says that the baby barely sleeps. Will cry and show signs of tiredness, but only naps for half an hour at the most. My brother and SIL have also told us the baby still wakes up almost every 1-2 hours throughout the night like a newborn and it’s extremely exhausting. They’ve tried plenty of different things but nothing has improved much. The baby only drinks breast milk.
While I know EVERY baby is different, and what works for some might not others, I still can’t help but think they aren’t feeding the baby enough. As a mother of 3 myself, all my kids started differently (one ate baby cereal at 4 months, another didn’t take to solids until 6m) but I think I have a good sense of when a baby is ready to start taking in more. After finding out that they only feed the baby 4 oz at a time, I suggested talking to the pediatrician about starting Baby on solids. They said the Dr. already gave them the go ahead but my bro/Sil didn’t think the baby was ready yet. So I said I think upping his ounces in milk would probably help Baby sleep better. Fuller = longer stretches. They brushed me off.
Then last Friday my mom was watching the baby and decided on her own to give the baby smashed up banana. Which the baby absolutely loved. My Sil was pissed and obviously I can see why. It wasn’t my mother’s call to make for numerous reasons. But my mom wouldn’t back down saying they are starving her grandchild. So they called me and basically demanded I get in the middle and make my mom apologize to them or she wouldn’t see the baby anymore. I told them I think she should apologize for not getting their permission but that I don’t think my mother is wrong for her reasoning. That they aren’t feeding their child enough and maybe because they’re new parents, they ought to hear other parents out. They called me some choice words and said they don’t feel comfortable leaving their child at my house anymore until we apologize. I said I wouldn’t give their baby anything they didn’t want me to but that I will NOT apologize for voicing my opinion. Am I the asshole for not just apologizing and keeping my opinions to myself? Now my mother and I might not get to see the baby for the foreseeable future.












Edit and slight update: I see a lot of “call CPS”. Neither my mom nor I think involving CPS is appropriate. We know the parents LOVE their baby and are just worried about giving Baby the wrong thing. Baby has regular checkups and doesn’t seem like he misses a meal. There has never been any reports of malnutrition so this is why (I assume) parents have felt comfortable going at the pace they are. We know the baby eats 4 oz at a time because thats how much are in each bottle and SIL says one bottle each feeding. But we have no idea how much Baby drinks when she directly breastfeeds at home. She works part time so Baby is only with my mom for 6 hours a day at most. That’s about 2-3 bottles worth. I know I said I think they aren’t feeding Baby enough but that was out of concern for sleep and parents sanity, and not because I think they are purposely starving their child. I talked with my brother and told him my concerns. He said he will start Baby on solids slowly- their own blends of mixed veggies. But fruits are too sugary and they don’t want Baby to get used to sweet first. Ultimately I think they took what I said under consideration and are still navigating new parenthood. However they are still not talking to my mom because they don’t trust that she will consult with them first before giving their child foods they haven’t tested themselves. Until she apologizes, I don’t think Mom will be babysitter anymore.[removed]Edit: hi everyone. I am getting a lot of comments saying my husband is abusive and I do want to reach out for help from a governmental organization to see if they help women. But the thing is I feel really guilty because he told me he would not treat me this way if I didn't nag him (about lights, water, and trash). So I feel at fault.

I am posting here out of desperation because I have been having this discussion with my husband for months.  I used to think I was reasonable but his inability to understand makes me think I am insane.  Please help me with your objective feedback.

My husband and I live together in an apartment.  I go to work every day at 7 am and by the time I get home at 7 pm the lights are on in every room and the water is running in the kitchen and the bathroom sinks.  According to him they are on all day every day.  I cannot work from home and we are wasting a lot of money.

I have asked him if there is any reason he needs to turn them on all day but he tells me that it is impossible to turn the lights and water off.  When I told him it is not impossible because he can turn them off using his hands, he says "but you have hands and you choose not to work as a mechanic, so I also can choose not to turn it off."  I tell him that it is different because it costs money and is bad to waste resources but he insists it's the same thing because I can technically be a mechanic but choose not to do so, so why does he have to choose to turn off the lights.  When I am at home I turn them off after him and it doesn't seem to cause him any discomfort to have them off but he just refuses to turn them off himself.

When I talk to him about it he says I am nagging him and that I should leave him alone.  Is he right that I am wrong and is his mechanic analogy accurate?  By the way we are a single income household and I know we could be paying less for bills if he would stop leaving things on all day long.Just a throwaway cause I have friends on Reddit and I haven't talk to them about this.

&#x200B;

I(17M) am adopted. My birth parents weren't able to care for a new born and I ended up in foster care cause of it. I was adopted by my family when I was 2. I have a very happy life, one I likely wouldn't have with my birth parents. About a month ago, my birth parents got into contact with my family. Long story short, my birth father is sick and needs a bone marrow transplant. They are on a wait list but haven't heard back just yet. I am the only child they ever had and odds are I am a match. Pretty much they wanted my parents to get me tested and then donated my marrow to him. My parents told me that its up to me and after some thought, I said no.

I don't know them other than they gave birth to me. They have  had no part in my life whatsoever and now they suddenly need me. Well they send my parents a nasty message saying they can sue to force me to donate my marrow. I do feel a little bad but I feel like this isn't my problem.

AITA?

Hey Reddit,

Sorry right after I posted, I went to the store with my mom. Just wanted to clear up somethings I read in the comments.

\-I'm a boy but flattered some of you think I'm pretty enough to be a girl.

\-I have no contact or anything with my birth parents. From what my parents told me, I was put into foster care when I was less than a month old. That is how they got me and they decided to adopt me which was finalized when I turned 2. I have four siblings and I have a great life. They told me when I was old enough that I am adopted but outside of that I had no idea who my birth parents were or what they even looked like.

\-Someone said I should do it cause what if I need medical information, want to get to know them, or something like that. Yeah no. I have no desire to get to know these people. None. I have no desire to seek out grandparents, cousins and uncles. I don't want to know if some form of rare cancer runs in the family cause they are not my family. I haven't spend 17 years of my life with them. Why would I want to get to know them?

Edit

For those of you who keep saying "You should reconsider it", how about you donate to him? My parents told me to think about. I thought it and the answer is no. No. I'm not doing it. That it.

Morning Reddit.

Its early, I'm getting ready for school between typing this. Read more comments this morning and again let me clear something all. My egg and sperm donors didn't lovingly give me up. I WAS TAKEN. My parents don't know the exact reason cause that information was never released to them. They were told and I quote "It wasn't a good environment for a child." I WAS TAKEN. Even if they had given me up, doesn't mean I owe them anything. Not like I asked to be born like every freaking child on this green Earth. If being born means I am sudden in debt to them, I would have been the slowest sperm you ever seen. I would have happily raced into a sock. 

Yall can be a bunch of hypocrites. In one breath you say there are kids in foster care who need a home. Well I was a foster kid who was given a home by two loving parents. Then in the next breath you are saying what about your family? I have a family. They have raised me for 17 years. Medical history? Some very helpful people have privately messaged me to let me know that in 2021, I get all that shit without ever having to speak to these people again. Ever. Amazing how far science has come right? I'm going to be showing this to some of my friends today cause I have to admit, I'm over it. Its not my problem if this man dies. And again some people have pointed out in the comments odds are I wouldn't be a match anyway and he has been luck getting a donor off the list and it will be faster than waiting on me to get tested only to be told I'm not a match anyway. 

And again with those on your hill screaming "Well wouldn't you donate to a stranger?!" I donate blood mostly cause it gets me out of PE class. I like donate blood. If someone receives that blood then congratulations. I put no more thought into it besides that. Even if they had come to my parents and said hey, you adopted our son and well we need a favor. Sorry to ask, blah blah, my answer would have still been no. I did my own research and found plenty of stories of kids who were used like goldmines for their genetic materials by their parents to save their siblings or a family member and that is all they were to their families. Someone who had the right match. 

I don't owe them anything. I don't care if she spent 8 hours in labor with me. They aren't my family. I have a wonderful family who are supporting me right now. Also my parents are working on finding how the hell they even knew where I was cause my adoption was a closed one. They had their rights terminated when I was taken. They shouldn't know shit about me. I dunno if they are contacting a lawyer or anything. I know they are pretty upset about all of this. I have to get to school. Later. 

I F31 have been with my boyfriend M32 for 2 years. We met via a dating site and I moved to his hometown months ago. One new thing I learned about him is that he is extremely sociable. He has a group of 15+ guy friends that he calls 'brothers'. Believe it or not they're all single despite being in their 30s. Not saying it's weird but still...They're military though.




None of his friends can cook and once they've tried my cooking they started expressing what a great cook I am. My boyfriend then started having them over for dinners. I find myself cooking not only extra portions of food but also several different meals to accommodate each taste. Also, I was asked several times to cook for each one of his friends and send the food directly to their house/apartment. I spoke to my boyfriend about how exhausting and unfair for me to be spending majority of my time cooking and for too many people every day of the week and he asked me to have some empathy for his friends who used to eat frozen food all day before I "came along". I told him from now on I cook only 3 times a week and just for us 2 and he said ok to that.

Last week was his friend "Ryan's" birthday. He hosted the dinner (party was at the bar) at our place without consulting me then sent me a list of the name of every friend attending and the meal they requested that I cook. Let me just say that there were 10+ of his friends coming over expecting me to cook over several different meals aside from dessert and drinks and whatnot. I was expected to do all that ony own while he just cleans afterwards but I refused and had an argument with him and I yelled that I wasn't his friends' personal cook and told him to cancel the dinner and go with his friends to the restaurant but he got upset saying it was unfair I put him on the spot infront of his friends since that might damage his relationship with them. He begged I suck it up and this will be the last time I cook but I declined and went to the bedroom and stayed there til he left.




He texted me hours later and kept on about me pulling out of cooking and ruining his friends birthday and by extension his relationship with him and other friends that he considers brothers. He said my reaction was not cool and I shouodn't have hurt him like that. AITA?I (35F) have been divorced from my (41M) husband for 3 years. We have one son(5) together. 
My ex (we will call him K) started dating another woman (we will call her G). K and I have a great relationship with each other. We still love each other as friends. K started dating G about 10 months ago. G and I have become really great friends and enjoy being around each other. Everything seemed to be going great until the other day. G and K have started talking about marriage. I know K is really hesitant, but G really wants to be married and have children on her own. I guess G saw some old pictures of me in my wedding dress and has been raving about how pretty my dress is. The other day we had coffee together and G brought up getting married soon. I told her how I happy I was for her. Things changed though when she asked if she could wear MY wedding dress. I was really shocked she even asked. I immediately told her that I was flattered, but no. She immediately got extremely pouty and started to ask why. I explained that I just wasn’t comfortable with her wearing my dress to marry my ex husband. She got really upset and started to cause a scene. I walked out knowing that she was not going to calm down. About an hour later my ex husband called asking what happened. When I told him, he completely understood and was on my side, but it didn’t end there. G has been having her friends and family call me and my work calling me an asshole for not “sharing”. G is claiming that I’m not over K and that I’m just doing this to ruin her wedding. While it’s true that I’m not over K, part of me just doesn’t feel comfortable having her wear my dress. 
This whole argument has really put a strain on my ex’s and I’s relationship and the relationship around my son. Part of me feels like I should give in, but I still just don’t feel comfortable with it. So, am I the asshole for not letting her wear my dress?

Edit to add- G told her friends and family that I offered for her to use the dress, but then backed out because I was jealous.I (20F) moved in with my best friend (21M) a few months ago. Around that time he also found out that he is most likely autistic (he is still searching for a cheap diagnosis option but is working through things with his therapist). 

A big part of his autism is disgust sensitivity which makes him very sensitive to germs.  He has separate cutlery to me, keeps all of his property separate, cleans the washing machine every time I use it and doesn’t let me touch his side of the couch among other things. At first I didn’t understand but now I am happy to help make him more comfortable at home. He shouldn’t have to worry about those things so I know it’s my responsibility to respect his boundaries. 

Today however I felt this went too far when I was kissing my cat repeatedly on the head while she was sitting near him on the couch. He then started telling me to get away from her and expressed that he doesn’t like it when I kiss her like that because of the possibility for my saliva going on her. He said that it makes him uncomfortable and he wants me to kiss her less or space out the kisses more.

I was taken aback and said that I wouldn’t change the way I interact with my own cat because of him. He then said that he wouldn’t be able to kiss her for a while because of it and implied that I was being ableist. He said that it’s not his fault if I have a problem with it because he isn’t in control of how it makes him feel. He kept trying to make it that I was the issue and to blame for the situation. 

We went back and forth about that for a bit and he ended up comparing it to the cutlery and washing machine. I said that it’s not comparable because 1) they’re objects not a cat 2) those things are either his or shared property meanwhile my cat is not his. I said that I am fine to accomodate all of those things but I am not willing to do that with my cat. 

I said that he has no right to tell me what to do with my own cat. He then said that he isn’t telling me what to do and that he is just expressing his discomfort. I then said that he was gaslighting me and he burst into tears because he didn’t like being called a gaslighter. Afterward we spoke again and figured out that he had forgotten he told me that he wanted me to change and that he has trouble communicating. I apologised for calling him a gaslighter but he continued it say that it was my fault for reacting and not wanting to compromise. It’s very awkward now between us and I’m not sure how to proceed without upsetting him further.I (f26) have been dating my boyfriend (m27) for about 10 months so this was our first Christmas together. For context, we both make a good income. I also have a passion hobby of making candles, which I often gift to friends and family.

&#x200B;

For my works Christmas party (end of November) we had a raffle, with the prize being a Nintendo switch, something my boyfriend was considering getting himself. I ended up winning and immediately thought he’d love it. I also wanted to make him two candles, one with the main scents of the perfume that I wear that he likes, and the second of scents that he likes. I thought these would be great presents. When opening my presents, he was excited about the Nintendo switch but didn’t seem that excited about the candles. I wrote little notes with the candles but he barely even glanced at them. I opened my presents and was super grateful, but then he said he had something to say because it was upsetting him and he wanted us to be able to communicate with each other.

&#x200B;

He was upset that I had only gotten him ‘one real gift’ when he got me 3, which made him feel under appreciated. I was confused because I thought the candles were ‘real’ gifts but asked him what was a ‘real’ gift. He said it was something you put money and thought into, and that it shouldn’t be something he could get if he just asked me for for free. I was kinda offended and said that the Nintendo must not be a real gift because I didn’t pay for it but got it from work. He got upset, insinuated that I’d left his gift last minute, and was getting defensive over it before leaving. We haven’t spoken since.

edit

1. I'm a lawyer so while I enjoy making candles, I don't make them often as I don't have the time or money. I'm also not that person who just gifts everyone candles every year. I've made 12 candles this year, 'often gifted to friends and family' because I don't sell them. It would've taken significantly less effort, time, thought, and care to buy something off the shelf. This wasn't me being lazy or leaving it to the last minute or just having them around.
2. My boyfriend owns a couple of candles and I've seen them lit in his house, so I figured he didn't hate candles with a burning passion. I'm now aware he could've only had them if they were gifted/to impress me, but how was I suppose to know? I've never gifted him a candle before.
3. Guys can like candles too.[removed][removed]Today was my younger daughter's birthday. So we asked her where she wanted to go for dinner at.

She said that she wanted to go to Denny's so that's where we went. Our daughters ordered burgers and waffles. I ordered a steak and my wife took a salad.

she kept complaining about the food saying it wasn't good. I tasted some of her salad and it tasted fine. I asked her what the problem was and she said the diner wasn't good enough and that it isn't as good as the restaurants we usually go to. She likes to go to high-end restaurants. I took her aside and told her to stop acting like she's too good for a local diner and to suck it up for our younger daughter's happiness at least. She got mad and said that I'm being rude to her and that this restaurant was really cheap and not good enough. So I gave her the car keys and told her to drive herself home and get dinner for herself from a high-end restaurant of her choice and that I'd get a cab for myself and the kids. She stormed out of the restaurant.

When the kids asked me where mommy went, I told them that nana called her so she had to go but she'd make it up to them with ice cream. We had dinner, went to a movie and took a cab home.

When we reached home, I put them to bed because my wife hadn't returned yet. I called her and she said that she'll be at her mom's place for the night.

I think maybe I was too harsh on her

AITA?

Edit: My daughters like the fast-food joints a lot because they rarely get a chance to there. My wife hates eating there so she never takes them. I take them for a quick meal after school sometimes but that's the only time they go there. They probably feel bad looking at their friends who get to go to such places all the timeWe were invited to a party on Saturday but I really didn’t want to go. I’m pregnant and I feel tired and emotional all of the time and the last thing I wanted to do was spend time at this party. Usually, in these types of parties, there’s a signal which tells the majority of us to disappear while a select few discuss business. I hate it because when my husband is around everyone is perfectly nice but the second I’m alone some people can be extremely catty. 

I told my husband I didn’t want to go but he told me it was important for him to go and he promised not to leave my side the entire time.

So, we went and then the signal came and everyone not wanted was getting up to leave but my husband kept his arm around my waist so I couldn’t exactly leave and it was awkward as hell because it was obvious they wanted to talk privately and my husband was acting like it was no big deal and ignoring the awkwardness.

It happened a few times during the night but he kept his promise and stayed near me the entire time. This one man, Frank, was getting visibly frustrated that I wasn’t disappearing and he kept indirectly trying to tell my husband he wanted to speak to him privately but my husband was acting like he didn’t get the hint.

Then at one point I needed to use the restroom so I excused myself and Frank’s wife followed me there and told me off for clinging to my husband and not giving him and Frank some time to talk privately. She asked me if I would just give them 30 minutes because Frank had something important he needed to discuss with my husband. I’m friends with his wife so I felt bad but I said no and went straight back to my husband. Frank and his wife were giving me dirty looks for the rest of the evening and the next morning my sister-in-law told me Frank’s wife was complaining about me to people for how I behaved.

AITA?I’m new to this so bare with me. 

I have an autoimmune disease that causes my body to make arthritis in my hips, back and chest (this is important for later in the story). I take a biological immune suppressor to stop my body from making the arthritis. 

Two years ago I was in a car accident when a semi trailer truck ran a red light and hit the side of my work car. The impact herniated two discs in my neck and has caused nerve damage which leaves me with about 20% use of my left arm (I’m left handed). I have recently been accepted to have surgery to fix this problem (remove a piece of my hip and use it to fuse my C5/6 vertebrae together). But in order to have the surgery my immune system can’t be suppressed so the neuro surgeon has instructed me to stop taking my immune suppressor medicine for the 8 weeks before my surgery and then for another 8 weeks after the surgery to allow my body to heal. I have not had any medicine for the last 6 weeks and I am in constant pain because of it. 

My wife has an online store and I am a professional photographer and videographer so she has set me the task of creating all the content for the new line of products in her store. For the last week I have been working 10 hours a day on this project and pushing through the intense pain of the arthritis and also the nerve damage. Tonight we had a big fight because she is sick of me always showing how much pain I am in and not hiding it. She said things like “a real man wouldn’t complain about pain”, or how sick she is of constantly seeing me in pain trying to be a victim. She called me a lazy $sshole for needing to spend time laying down after working all day on her content for her store. 

I told her that there is nothing I can do about the pain until I have my surgery and then I will be able to rehab and get back to my life. She said the way I am acting is making her depressed and she doesn’t need or want a sick husband.

Am I The Asshole for not pretending I feel no pain and for not working hard enough during this period ?My sister in law invited herself to my home to stay for Thanksgiving but I don’t want her sleeping at my home if she’s on her period. A few times in the past she has come to my home and stayed while she has been on her period. Both times she slept in our guest room and ruined our sheets and mattress pads. It looked like a massacre. To make matters worse she didn’t tell us, we had to find the disgusting sheets in our laundry and find the blood stains on the mattress pad. Not only that she has left tampons wrappers and bloody tampons in the toilet without flushing and blood on the toilet and inside of the toilet seat. I told my husband to say something to his sister, but he was too embarrassed to say anything . I figured I wouldn’t say anything because she was moving out of the country and l didn’t expect her to visit anymore. Well she just informed us that she’s coming for Thanksgiving and I informed her that I don’t want her sleeping over if she’s on her period because the last few times she left a nasty mess while on her period and It was disgusting. She cursed me out and called me a rude B*tch and said that’s why no one in her family likes me they only tolerate me because I’m married to her brother. I told her that’s fine, and Im not tolerating a grown woman staying in my home that cant control and clean up after herself while on her period.  I understand having heavy periods but to leave a mess for everyone to see and to clean up is absolutely disgusting. Should I just kept quiet or am aita for telling her she can’t come if she’s on her period.[removed]I (31) and my husband, J (34) have a daughter, C (10 months). Since she was born my MIL has been on at me asking me when I’m going to have her ears pierced. C will not be having her ears pierced until she asks for it (so definitely not yet when she can’t even speak). She says it’s hypocritical of me considering all the piercings I have (several piercings on both ears, plus my nose), but my own mother wouldn’t let me even get my earlobes pierced until I was 10. MIL had both SILs pierced when they were tiny, and she keeps going on about how “it’s better because they won’t remember it”. J says he supports whatever decision I make on the matter because I’m the one who would have to clean it (I stay home with C, J works full time).

So a few weeks ago, MIL was looking after C for us because I was going with J to his uncle’s funeral. As I was coming down the stairs I hear MIL talking to C about how “they’re going to go out shopping and get her some pretty earrings”. I went into the room and told her in no uncertain terms that that would not be happening, and if I can’t trust her to respect my decisions about my own daughter I would find someone else to look after her (I managed to get my sister to watch her).

MIL keeps trying to arrange to have her for a few hours, she even tried to offer to have her overnight so J and I can go out. I refused, I told MIL she could come and visit her, but I no longer trusted her not to get her ears pierced behind my back, so she would be seeing her unsupervised. J and my SILs think I’m overreacting, AITA here?

&#x200B;

Edit to answer some FAQ:

J and his sisters are in agreement that it's mine (and J's) decision, but they aren't siding with me on this because they don't believe their mother would go behind our backs like that. 

I haven't/don't plan on getting the police involved at the moment because I feel that would just cause a lot of problems and would cause more of MILs family to turn on me.

Piercings isn't a cultural thing for her, she's white British. I don't know why she's so intent on me doing it just because her own daughters' ears were done so young. She never forced piercings onto J, nor on any of her grandsons (C is her only granddaughter).

This isn't the only thing we disagree about, she's always telling me exactly what I'm doing "wrong"....and not just me, she does it with J and his sisters too.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;[removed][removed]EDIT: Update coming soon you guys. Apparently he DOES prefer me white.

I’m Greek, my boyfriend is Pakistani. This is an old debate that got brought up again tonight. 

Mediterranean region is blessed with sun. Especially during summer, us Greeks are inseparable from the sea and love the beautiful tan we get under the sun. I personally believe it elevates my hotness by 100x. So I love sunbathing, with all the appropriate sunscreens.

I do the same in the U.S. with that little sun I get. Did the same this summer. My bf saw me the first time, said “Why do you want to change your skin color? I don’t understand white people tanning”. I frowned upon the comment and explained to him that it’s not a “white people culturally appropriating” bullshit, it was just something I grew up with. Even if I fit his idea of “white people” (the usual stereotypes), I would find it a bullshit comment to make, considering we all share the same sun to do whatever we want under it.

He still continued to ask “Why do you burn your skin? I don’t understand tanning”, the second time he saw me sunbathing. The third time as well. Fourth and so on.

I was mentioning today about how I miss my sun-kissed skin during winter and bf started his monologue about burning my skin and not understanding tanning. I finally snapped and said “Okay what’s your problem?”. He said “I’m just making conversation”. I told him “It’s not conversation when you mention it 4 times, it’s criticism. I’ve already answered you on why I like to tan”. He called me dramatic and said he just doesn’t understand me burning my white skin under the sun. I told him not to worry about the color of my skin and just let me enjoy what I do. He proceeded to say it’s impossible to talk to me and I was being bitchy. AITA?
I M28 have been engaged to my fiancee F26 for almost a year (what caused a delay was my fmil falling sick). My fiancee and I decided to have our wedding on Jan 11th/2022. We've already booked a venue, set the guest lists, food menu etc.


My patents live hours away. Once they recieved the invitations they called to confirm the date then demanded I drop everything and come alone to talk about the issue they're having with the date.

I took time off work and went to see them and they sat me down to remind me that on 11th of Jan 2 years ago, my brother "Isaac" (30) got officially separated from his ex wife of 8 years. They went on about what a dreadful day that day is for the family and Isaac and told me he told them he won't come to my wedding since this day happens to be his "divorce anniversary" unless I change the date since he said he's planning on getting drunk and crying his eyes out for doing what he did and cause his ex to leave him. I was flabbergasted..like I couldn't tell if they were kidding but I politely said I'm sorry but not changing the date period. Dad angerily said "Why the rush? You have a lifetime ahead of you no harm in moving the wedding date. think about it" I explained that my fiancee and I paid for the venue and set everything up we can't cancel it now. Mom firmly told me to leave my fiancee out it cause she had nothing to do with the conversation we were having. I got upset and said I'm not changing my wedding date and Mom said that I'm clearly choosing a day long celebration over my brother and warned me that I'll have to live with the fact I ruined my relationship with him over this. Dad added telling me to think of it this way: **I'm getting married on the very same date my brother's marriage ended and asked how I can possibly not feel guilty for having my wedding anniversary be my brother's divorce anniversary for years to come** I argued that Isaac's only himself to blame for sleeping with someone else while married and my exsil was right to decide she was having none of it. my parents justified it as "he was drunk" but the outcome is the same.

Before I left they said if Isaac isn't coming then they too won't come to the wedding which devastated me cause I want my family with me to share my joy. cause this is a big deal for me and I wasn't sure if my parents have a point seeing more and more family are saying they won't attend if I'll still have my wedding on Jan 11th.

AITA?I gave birth to my son 10 weeks ago. I went through exhausting period while I was nearing my due date. I was experiencing discomfort and wanted my husband by my side when I go into labor but he'd go out every night to hang out at his friend's place and watch football games. I suggested that he play/watch games at home just in case but he was having none of it and said he had to attend game night at his brother& friend's place along with his buddies. He said they had certain... How can i describe it? "rituals?" when watching a game and he can't enjoy doing it at home or anywhere else.

The night of our son's birth my water broke while my husband was at his buddies place watching a game. I called him and told him to get home and take me to the hospital he said he was coming but he didn't. I ended up calling my sister (she lives nearby) and she took me to the hospital. My husband showed up 2hrs later after he kept calling asking if I was still in labor and that he was almost done watching the game.

He was able to make it on time for our son's birth but I was furious with him, mad and disappointed. He apologized profoundly and has been working on regaining my trust and respect for him after what he's done. He's otherwise very supportive and involved in our son's care.

Last night I was at my in-laws house for dinner and we were talking about my son's birth date. My husband suddenly started "recalling" what happened that night and basically started lying about driving me to the hospital, waiting and feeling stressed out and standing on his feet for so long without food or even water. I was confused I said no! none of this was true, none of this happened in fact, he was watching a game when I went into labor and I wanted him to drive me to the hospital but didn't show up til 2 hours later. My mother in law who takes no shit from anybody and whom everyone *fears* lost it on him yelling asking him if that was true and he kept quiet. she started berating him left and right telling him to sit down and shut up when he stood up to argue then told him to stand up when he was sitting arguing. Everyone was laughing at how she basically treated him as if he was a boy in trouble. She kept saying "Shame shame shame! on you, this is not how I raised my children to treat their wives, Jordan you are a disgrace and I'm disappointed because of what I heard about you". He literally swallowed every bit of his mother's berating and didn't say anything til we got home where he went nuts saying I made him look neglectful, a bad husband and father by telling the family about where he was and said I shouldn't have said anything but I argued it wasn't okay for him to lie and play hero in front of his parents. He said I just caused a rift between him and family and asked if I was happy now.

aita? Should I have not said anything?

EDIT to say that he's done similar things in the past since he's a major enthusiast of football and hockey but I didn't expect it to get to that. Also this is not our first baby together, we have a 4 year old son.We had gone out together and I was driving us back. I had a small errand to run and she tagged along because she didn't want to get bored all alone in the car. I was talking to a contractor about the work they did at my place and the woman was very rude and dismissive, it did annoy me but I am a 6'2 black guy and getting mad at a small white woman isn't really worth it. My parents have brought all of us to be polite, soft spoken but firm and not to lose our temper. I rarely. if ever raise my voice with anyone. 

She was making funny of me for being a bit of a pushover and she said I should have been less of a pushover and I should stand up for myself but I did get my way so I don't know why she was making fun of me. She commented that they probably thought they could get away with shoddy work because I was a soft spoken wuss. 

I told her that this was one of the things that a pretty white girl wasn't going to understand and left it at that. I said it lightly and I was joking  My friend stopped joking around and the rest of the ride was pretty awkward and silent. I talked to my roommates about it and they think she was just breaking my back and that I should have just joked back instead of snapping at her. I feel bad because and I should have handled it better and not dismissed her like that.[removed]My (f40) husband (m39) has been in charge of our finances for our entire relationship. I have no online access to our bank account though I do have an ATM card. He has his own separate account that I have no access to as well.

He manages all of the bills minus my credit card which I opened recently. I get a weekly payment that he approves and I am expected to buy groceries, my gas, and I get a small allowance (assuming my groceries stay under budget which rarely happens because two teenage children and rising costs).

With the holidays I put on a little bit of additional money on my card. Just around 250 dollars.

I knew I was going to have a 200 dollar bonus from my job so I said several times that I was going to use that to pay my card. I said it on at least 3 occasions.

Today I found out the money went in the bank 3 days ago and he already spent it.  I got upset and we had an argument and I cried.

He told me it was our money and went to our bills but I wouldn't even know if that was true.

Am I the asshole for being upset?
Hello.

So in every holiday celebration (Christmas in this case) I make a list of the people I'm buying gifts for and what type of gifts I'm buying. I struggled with mistreatment in my previous job but got fortunate enough to now be working in a very friendly envirnment with amazing co workers and an amazing boss. My boss has stood by my side in many many instances and I decided to include him in my gift list. I got a tie which was within average price nothing fancy, still keeping it professional and he liked it so much.

The issue started when my husband recieved the christmas gift I bought him which was a pair of sunglasses that I thought he liked. He didn't say he didn't like it but he has a bit of a passive attitude and he doesn't say his honest opinions.

Monday (yesterday) he showed up to my workplace and told my boss to trade the gift I gave him with his, my husband clearly found out what I got for my boss by looking at my list. My boss notified me while I was out and I couldn't believe it. I went home and just blew up at him for going to my workplace and bullying my boss into trading gifts with him. He said it was between him and my boss and I should stay out of it and not be sych an over-reactor. I told him I've always maintained a good and professional relationship with my boss and what he did damaged that professional relationship. He doesn't know my boss at all nor met him personally to be this comfortable with him. He said that my boss is "human" and I should stop walking on eggshels just to keep my job but it's not like that at all. That is just not my point. We had a huge argument over that and he said that unlike us women, "them" men don't see it as big issue and are a lot more chill than us when it comes to "etiquette" and that kind of stuff us women obssess over though my boss was obviousy weirded out and upset and it WAS a big deal since he wants to speak to me asap. My husband also said it's basically my fault he didn't like the original gift I bought for him so that's on me.


We're both mad and have basically been arguing with each other eversince.I (17F) my half siblings (4&5) my older brother (19) my mom and her boyfriend Ted. My mom and Ted started dating around 6 months ago. I normally wake my siblings up get them ready for school. I drop them off when I go to school. I pick them up and watch them until my mom comes home and I often watch them at night when my mom and Ted go out.
My mom approached me a week ago and told me that Ted was moving in with us. That they were expecting me to help take care of his daughter when she was staying there. Moving day: Teds daughter wanted my room. I was kind but showed her to the room my mom set up for her. Later on Ted moved my things breaking a music box my grandma left me when she died. Along with several other things. When I approached my mom about it her reply was “we all need to make sacrifices “. I was changing my clothes and Ted just barged into my room no knocking nothing. His daughter wanted something else of mine. I told my mom I felt really uncomfortable about it. She just blew it off. Finally It got to the point I called my dad. He came over and we packed my stuff. (My cell phone and Jeep was given to me by my dad)
My older brother came and watched my siblings until Ted and my mom came home. My mom was pissed. She called me my dad had changed the number. Then she called my dad and asked him when I was coming home. He replied “she is already home”.
My grandma called my dad and told him I was an A for not giving my mom more time to work things out and leaving her with no child care and no way to get the kids back and fourth to school. Am I the A here? Should I have given her more time?
<<<Update >>> I want to thank everyone for their comments and especially the awards. 
 I woke up to my mom cussing and pounding on the door. I walked out of my room. My dad was sitting in the hallway. He quietly told me not to answer the door. He was on the phone recording my mom. Once she gave up 45 minutes later. ☹️😭
He told me we needed to go to his attorneys office. We show up his attorney asked me what happened. So I told him everything. My dad gave the attorney his phone. My mom & Ted blew up my dads phone all night long.
Long story short I am 17 and can choose who I want to live with. The attorney decided to call the police and file a report of everything that’s happening. The attorney said that he is going to request for a emergency hearing in family court. He also had me call Bob my half siblings dad. Bob married my mom and he lived with me for awhile. He was also upset when I told him what’s been happening. Bob’s attorney later called my dad and asked for my dads attorney’s information. All my dad said was that Bob was going to try and get custody of my half siblings. Bob wanted me to know I can see them when ever I want to. I don’t know how everything is going to work out yet. I hope my siblings will be ok.[removed]&#x200B;

English is not my first language so excuse any mistake. TA account. 

I (25f) work at a law firm. Just for context, recently graduated so right now I don’t practice law, but I am basically the receptionist of the office, so I see every single client that comes into the building. I also like wearing makeup, not to the point of being completely unrecognizable, but I do like to wear a full face.

We recently had a meeting to discuss the dress code of the office, since some of my coworkers are having issues adapting to the in-person modality. At the end, my boss asked if someone had any other concern. My coworker (45m), let´s call him Mario, said something along the lines of “I think makeup should be banned, people like TAMakeupLover look like a whole different person without it and that misleads the client”. 

Of course, I was shocked when he said that, and I could see that a lot of my coworkers were too, since the comment was so unwarranted. I told him “Well, If I am not allowed to wear makeup, then you shouldn’t be allowed to keep your beard, given that you go from a grown man to a 12-year-old when you shave”. He turned really red, and tried to say something, but my boss did not let him. 

I thought that was the end of the situation, but I found out that some of the other employees are making fun of him using the comment I made. I now feel really bad for what I said. I told my family and most of them agreed that what I say was more hurtful that what he said, but, he shouldn’t have named me and tried to make an example out of me. 

So Reddit, AITA?[removed]My girlfriend, is sweet, funny, beautiful, and personable. We've been together 8 months and I couldn't be happier. She moved into my apartment this summer and it's been bliss, except for when my parents call with their " concerns". The 3 things they harp on is that she's unemployed, didn't go to college, and that she, as they see it, lacks motivation. 

&#x200B;

The unemployment thing doesn't bother me because I can support both of us and I'd hate for her to be at some job that makes her miserable just so she can say she works. They used to call for the sole purpose of pestering me, asking me what she did all day. I told them I wasn't worried about that. Fact of the matter is, she loves to cook, so, there'll be days where her day is shopping, meal prep, and cooking. Of course, there are also her " lazy days" as she calls it, where she wakes up at noon and just chills. 

&#x200B;

My parents found my lax attitude towards her lifestyle so upsetting to them, they told me they " can't do it" anymore, and basically made me choose between her and them. I chose her. She makes me happy and, if 8 months has taught me anything, its that my parents can be annoyingly petty.

&#x200B;

They viewed the situation as me having rose tinted glasses for a pretty girl who offers nothing in the relationship.throwaway, not US

My parents divorced when I was 14 over my *legal father's* cheating (5 years long affair). Mom got primary custody and I did my best to be as cold and distant as I could be when I had to go for visits at his. I mostly went so mom wouldn't get in trouble with courts but it was obvious I wanted to be anywhere else but there. My mom told me I should separate my *legal father's* actions towards her from his actions towards me but I just couldn't. Growing up, I idolized my parents' relationship (*legal father* took her out on a date every week and regularly got her flowers, chocolates and other small gifts - the optics were of a perfect couple) and to find it all was a lie was devastating. It didn't help I was the one who walked in on him with his mistress.

&#x200B;

After the divorce, I completely changed my life trajectory to spite him. I was originally set to go to a preparatory high school and go on to uni. Instead, I chose to attend a trade school with an integrated apprenticeship and had a guaranteed job immediately upon graduating at 17. I cut all contact with him as soon as I turned 18 and had my name changed to mom's maiden name. As far as I was concerned, my mom was my only parent. Fast forward several years and the world situation claimed her. The *legal father* tried to reach out but the funeral restrictions were for six people only and that got filled easily with just my mom's closest family. I also sent back the money he tried to give me for funeral expenses.

&#x200B;

Early November is a time of remembering the dead in my country. People visit cemeteries and leave flowers and candles on the graves of the late friends and family members. When I went to mom's grave, the *legal father* was there. He was angry. I had my mom's headstone engraved with her maiden name and a quote about mother's love being enough. No mention of any husband. He asked how long I would hold the grudge. I told him forever. He asked what about my future children? Will they have no grandparents on my side? I laughed and told him that thanks to him, I would never have any partner or children because the pain of possible betrayal is just not worth it. That his possible future grandchildren from me died when I saw him sticking his dick into a woman that was not mom. That he should have taken the hint when I wore black to his second wedding (I was 16 and like with the visits was there under duress). He said he was sorry and that I should think about what mom would have wanted. I said that mom is dead and what she would have wanted is irrelevant. What I want is never to see him again and if he was really sorry, he would respect my wishes and then I left.

&#x200B;

I mostly feel bad for unloading on him in a public place and at a time when a lot of people were around. I wasn't exactly shouting but it was obvious we were having an argument and it might have disturbed other people's reminiscing. I'm not sorry for what I said but for when and where I said it. AITA?

&#x200B;

EDIT: Because this keeps coming up, I am in therapy. It's just taking some time  to work through things, some times I slide back, some times I make some progress. It's not linear and it's not instant. It's a therapy, not a miracle.

EDIT 2: Per several requests, I changed the phrase *sperm donor* to *legal father*. I apologize for any hurt I might have caused. The title, unfortunately, cannot be edited.Okay so my wife is extremely hard on phones. Cracks them, gets them wet, etc. 

We have had her phone replaced three times in 2 years and it is giving out expectedly. But she always is dropping it, using it by the sink etc. 

We have an older phone sitting in a drawer at home that could very easily be repurposed for her to use and abuse. However she wants a new one. 

If I get her a new phone it will not necessarily put us in a hardship. But I feel it’s more about principle that she needs to take better care of things. 


Am I the AH l if I opt to have  her to use the older phone instead of buying a new one? 

I don’t want to treat her like a kid. We are partners.

Edit:phone wording

Edit: she refuses to use an indestructible case because they are “bulky and ugly”


Edit: okay. I’m the asshole. I just wanna say that I am not the money controlling person you make me out to be. 

I’ll talk with her about taking better care of things in general.

FINAL EDIT: I have gotten over my frustration about it. On my way to the phone store.  Going to buy her a nice phone that’s on sale. A nice case. Wrap it in bubble wrap as a gag. 

And then we are going to have a sit down conversation about her taking care of things. Regardless of who buys them(:I'm a 33 year old doctor (pediatrician) and am getting married to my fiancee this Nov. I have a somewhat controlling MIL, and wedding planning has been an absolute nightmare so far.

Ok here's the situation > my fiancee doesn't have an income because of her medical situation but she'll go back to work later so therefor I'm financing the entire wedding. I've set a specific budget for the wedding and honeymoon and planned for everything date, guestes, food etc. MIL wanted things her way and made a fuss about everything since that's her only daughter.

I found out she and her husband found an venue they wanted us to have the wedding at but the problem is A* it's VERY expensive and B* it's several towns away. My family even said they'd have to drop out if I choose this venue so I told MIL I don't want it. She kept trying to convince me and made so much fuss about it to the point where she made it her hill to die on. I kept saying no to her and she kept insisting.




I got home from work on tuesday and found my Mil & Fil & couple of her relatives there....visiting when there was no one home. She started talking about it again while I was resting on the couch taking my socks off
I said "Hold on, Who the fuck starts a conversation like that?, I just sat down for Christ's sake let me catch my fucking breath will you?" but that didn't stop her, she sternly said that her daughter deserves to have her wedding at that venue and I'm a doctor I can offord it and distance was just an excuse. She said she made reservation on phone and I *had* to pay for it within set time while pointing at me with her finger which I thought was rude and very, very disrespectful, followed by or else. I asked "or else" what? She said if I choose any other venue then she won't attend the wedding.

I didn't budge like she thought I would I just leaned forward and said "A'right, I guess the trash took itself out then?"


The entire house went silent, complete shut down. She stood up and called me disrespectful and pos to expect her to take my insults as Gospel!!! and argued that I was being a cheapskate but I replied that she was acting like a gold digger and that she needed to sit down and shut up and let me and my fiancee handle this or just go home.

She started crying then walked out and everyone followed. FIL was this close to spit in my face. My fiancee found out and said I disrespecred her mom and treated her like shit. I explained how unreasonable her mom was with her demands and total lack of consideration for me, my hard earned money, and family.

She said she was going to settle this with her without my intervention but honestly, it blew her mind how low I stooped with how I treated her mom. She wanted some time alone because she is thinking I might be someone else hiding behind a mask with how I behaved which hurt me to no end.

I think I messed up....I just think I should've waited for my fiancee to deal with it but I felt overwhelmed when she spoke to me like that.

My office reopened a few weeks ago. One of my co-workers has 2 toddlers and he lost his wife during the pandemic. They were a two income family and he told me that they were struggling a bit financially. especially after all the medical bills prior to his wife's death (may she rest in peace).

Due to pandemic, our office layout has changed and everyone required to come to office were given rooms to use instead of the cubicles we usually use. When my coworker requested in the team meeting to be allowed to bring his kids to work, none of us objected. We were sure that he would get a big office and it would not disturb us.

I work in a male dominated field and there are only 3 female employees and I am the only one in our floor. My coworker constantly leaves his children with me for hours. I feel like I am doing more babysitting than my actual job. He doesn't even ask permission. he just asks the kids to go to my office. The kid just says "my dad asked me and my brother to stay with you". When I confront him he says that he is in a meeting or he needs to concentrate etc. 

The last straw for me was when I found out that he left the kids with me and had gone out for lunch with few of his office friends. I went to HR and complained about this.

He confronted me and told me that because of my complaint he was told by the HR that he can work from home if he wants but he cannot bring his children to work anymore. He said that only reason he went to lunch was to gel more with the manager so that he is on their good side and to make sure that he will recieve hikes/bonus/promotion.

He said that he would never be able to finish his work, hit his targets and get bonuses if he works from home and he is gonna lose a lot of money with babycare if h decides to come to the office (he is not wrong. It is ver hard and slow to wfh. work gets done much easier and faster from office). 

Now, everyone (edit: except my team and manager) are pissed at me for complaining against a struggling father and grieving widower. AITA for directly going to the HR? 

I requested him several times not to send his kids to my office unannounced. But I never warned him that I would go to HR if he kept it up.

Edit: For the sake of transparency, he has never lied to me. He does send his kids only when he has important meetings or deadlines. He is more client focused, so he has more meetings than me. My work is more internal and I rarely have meetings. His manager is known for taking it personally if people do not attend outside office activites such as lunches or dinners or weekend potlucks etc (he labels such people as "poor team players").I moved in with my boyfriend 4 months ago and we agreed that I would pay half of the rent and utilities. I am not on the lease and the utilities are in my boyfriend’s name. We have a 2 bedroom apartment – the second bedroom used as a combo home office (for me) and music studio (for him).  Then 3 weeks ago his brother moved in. I came home from a weekend trip with my sister and found him there – no discussion beforehand. I was pissed. My BF swore it was for a week at most until his brother oved in with a friend. So he spent a week on the living room couch.

Well, to no one’s surprise that didn’t happen. The friend decided he didn’t want the brother to move in. Given that the brother doesn’t work, doesn’t clean up after himself and is a general jerk (even my boyfriend admits this about his brother) – I can’t say I blame the friend. My BF says he can’t kick his brother out when he has no place to go and begged me to give him a couple of months (I had started packing my things). I reluctantly agreed and BF ends up moving my desk into the living room where I have no privacy while I work and his music stuff into a corner of the bedroom where we are basically tripping over it so his brother can have a bedroom. I told BF he has 2 months to get his brother out or I would move out.

It gets to the time of the month for me to send money to my BF for bills. I send him 25% of the rent and 33% of the utilities instead of 50% for both. BF is upset – saying that is not what we agreed. I told him I also didn’t agree to live with his brother – and I’m paying what I feel is fair given that. My thinking is that every apartment I have shared – you pay rent by bedroom and utilities by person. BF starts freaking out saying that he can’t afford that and that I agreed to his brother staying. I told him that I agreed to not move out – I did not agree to financially support his brother. He told me that I can’t just change our agreement and I pointed out that he had when he added a third person to the apartment. BF insists he doesn’t have enough money to pay that much (he is short on money and his old roommate moving out is one of the big reasons I moved in). BF says that he will end up having to not pay something and that it will kill his credit which he has been working on rebuilding. He tells me that he is already short because he is having to spend more money on groceries with his brother there (I flatly refused to pay for more groceries). I am refusing to budge.

BF insists that I am trying to hurt him financially because I am angry with him and being petty. I am angry and I know that I can make bad decisions when I am mad. However thinking about it – I don’t think I should have to support his brother. Living with 2 other people should cost less than living with 1 other person. However I am doubting my own judgment. Am I being petty out of anger? AITA for not paying 50% of the rent?

&#x200B;

Edit:

This has come up many times -why didn't I tell BF ahead of time that I wasn't going to pay 50% as normal.  The answer is that I never thought about money until I went to transfer him money for the monthly bills.  That was the first time I realized that I would be financially supporting the brother if I kept paying 50% and I decided I wasn't going to do it.

&#x200B;

Edit 2:

I have decided that the many people that pointed out it was unfair of me to not give BF notice that I was going to be paying less have a good point.  I transferred him the rest of the money earlier today.  I told him that next month I would be paying 25% rent/ 33% utilities - he has notice now.  No excuses if next month brother is still here (and we all know he will be).

Update:

BF's brother moved out.  I will be moving out as soon as BF finds a replacement for me or the end of March - which ever happens first.

BF's brother did end up moving out the day before my deadline.  I'll admit I was really surprised by that - I didn't expect him to.  I was happy, though it was pretty clear BF was not. 

Three days later BF said that he wanted to put me on the lease of the apartment.  When I first moved in he said that it wasn't worth the effort and cost of doing that.  I asked him why he changed his mind and he said that he thought it was a good idea.  I kept probing and he finally admitted that he was uneasy that I could just move out and leave him hanging with the rent.  Which, honestly, is fair.  However it was the fact I wasn't on the lease that let me set the boundary with not allowing his brother to just move in.  I told him I would sign if we added to the lease that we 2 were the only ones allowed to live in the apartment.  BF refused - saying that wasn't necessary. That there was no reason to drag the landlord into our argument.  At that point all kinds of warning noises went off in my head. I told him I refused unless that was added.  I wasn't going to be stuck paying rent if he moved his brother back in.  We argued. A lot.  I accused him of planning on moving his brother back in as soon as I signed the lease.  He denied it but just the way he said it - I don't believe him.

At that point I realized that we weren't going to work out.  Whether I was being "paranoid" (BF's word) about BF moving his brother back in or not - it shows I don't trust him.  And you can't have a relationship without trust.  I told him that we were over.  I wasn't going to bail on him.  The lease would end the end of March anyway.  I will move out then.  If he wants me to move out sooner - I will do so. If he moves his brother in again - I will move out immediately.  We moved my stuff into the other bedroom - so we aren't sleeping in the same room.  BF told me he is looking for a new roommate.  That he wants to be done with me as soon as possible since I "don't care about him or his family". 

&#x200B;[deleted][deleted]My SO(F 35) and I (M 33) were on the couch watching a show on Netflix when a scene came on with two step siblings squabling over one using the others' razor. In the show the parent seemed to brush it off as "not a big deal", but I found the whole interaction really odd and I said something along the lines of "Who on earth uses someone else's razor like that? That's so disgusting", and my partner gives me this "look" like she is guilty of doing just that... 


Fast forward 10 minutes and she has proceeded to tell me she's been using my razors from the shower caddy (which I use mostly for my face and occasionally for my nuts before I throw them out) to shave not only her legs but also everything else, A-hole included, FOR YEARS...?! 


Now I'm sitting there gobsmacked with a disgusted look on my face about to be sick because to me that's a complete crossing of boundaries and she is just laughing her head off. I'm livid and confused because she seems to think this is so natural and normal and she just won't get why I'm upset. 


What the hell is going on? Is this normal behavior? Am I an asshole for being so upset over this? I need answers, please. 

TLDR: Pretty much the title.

Edit: Typos 

Edit 2: Clarification: 


Since many seem to be wondering, no i don't reuse the razors on my face after I use them on my balls. 


And because s bizarre amount of people asked... Yes I do give her head, though neither of us is fussed on ass eating.My husband Rod (52m) is legally blind. He is not completely blind, but close. It's not a genetic issue, but a brain injury that happened when he was a baby. Rod is completely independent, but needs a little bit of help for reading small letters, cooking, typing on a computer, etc.  Rod, in my opinion, is a great father and husband.

My daughter Reina (15f) has always been a little resentful of Rod. Growing up, she didn't have the "normal" father-daughter experience. Reina has always been into sports, but because of Rod's incapacity to engage in physical activity that involves cordination, they were never able to bond over that, and Reina never "forgave" Rod for it. My husband feels especially guilty about this. 

Reina is going through her "angsty" teenager fase. She has been acting out, is rude with everyone, especially my husband. Reina likes upsetting Rod and he never defends himself, so he's the perfect victim. 

We were going on our first family outing since the global panini started. To go out, Rod uses this big, chunky glasses that make his eyes look huge, almost like a caricature. My husband is super insecure of his appereance when he uses them and our family knows it.  My daughter comes downstairs and with the most offended tone of voice she says "Oh my God, dad! Are you trying to embarrass me? Your eyes look horrendous with those glasses on". 

I was pissed. I cancelled the outing and told her to go to her room and to not come out until dinner time.  

Reina is big into her appareance. She wears colored, graduated contacts because, ironically, she needs to wear glasses, but she hates to wear them. She isn't uncomfortable wearing them, or gets any headaches, she just doesn't like how she looks with glasses on. As a punishement, Reina will not be allowed to wear contacts for a month. 

I told Reina about her punishment and she is tremendously mad at me. She has a party in a week, and since the punishment is for a month, Reina will attend the party with glasses on. She's also returning back to in person classes so she will attend school wearing glasses. She says that she will apologize to Rod and will never disrespect him again, but I don't believe her. Rod chimmed in and said that maybe the punishement is way to harsh, but I don't think so. Reina then called me names and locked herself in her bedroom. 

Rod says that I'm being way to hard on Reina, and bordering AH territory, which is why I'm here.My mom, husband, son, MIL, FIL and I were out to eat. My son is 5, my husband + I are late 30s. Our parents are late 60s. 

We were enjoying our drinks, waiting for our food when my FIL waved over a waitress (not the one who was serving us) leaned in, and whispered in her ear, “Can I pay you a compliment? I love your hair, it looks beautiful.” She said thanks and went back to work. For additional context we are white and this waitress is black. 

I felt shocked and pissed that he would do that to a woman at work, and also in front of his wife and grandson! When I was a teen, I worked service jobs and having men leer at me was gross.

They were visiting us and that night when we put our son to bed my husband and I tried to have a “calling in.” My husband said,“Dad, that was extremely inappropriate.” FIL got defensive and said he did nothing wrong and not to call him a bad person. I said, “You aren’t a bad person but what you did was cringe. I always hated getting hit on at work.” 

He got defensive. I’ve known him for 20 years, never seen him so mad. He told us he was right, he made that woman’s day and women want attention from men. I said “she works for tips!” He told us he is a good person, the best person we will ever meet. He compared himself to a friend of ours, a local community leader who died recently leading to a huge outpouring of grief and a large funeral I spoke at.

I was taken aback but I said “yes you are just as good a person as Friend, and if we were in a bar that would have been very smooth. But you shouldn’t hit on people at work. It’s not appropriate, the other person can’t say no.” 

He said he was not hitting on this waitress he was just overcome with her beauty and he had to say something. He said that if he wanted to he would have “pulled her.” 

I said “you’re not helping your case.” 

Then he started ranting about how my husband and I are the reason for incels, dating apps have ruined society because no one flirts in the real world anymore and gay and trans people now have more rights than straight people. He also told me that when I was 18 being harassed by men 3x my age at work I should have enjoyed the attention and been happy I was so beautiful men noticed me. 

FIL and I have gotten into debates before. Our outlooks on life are somewhat similar but different enough for conversations to be interesting. But he took this so personally probably because it was about his behavior. Instead of leaving it as “I disagree” or “let’s agree to disagree” he said “I am right. I’ve never been more right. I make everyone around me happy. You are wrong and your whole generation needs to be told to shut up.” 

Reasons I think my husband and I might be the assholes: His private conversations are none of our business. I think we hurt his feelings and I’m not happy about that. Perhaps we could have been more gentle or tactful.I have a 15 year old son. As a present for getting all A’s on his last report card, I saved up money and upgraded his phone from an old iPhone 5s to an iPhone SE 2020. 

Yesterday he came to me and he said his phone had been broken. I was assuming he had just dropped it and cracked the screen, a relatively easy and not too expensive repair for me to preform myself. 

But he showed me his phone and it was not only shattered, but also bent, and half of the screen was hanging off. I asked how it had happened and he told me that he had been dared by his friend to place his phone on the sidewalk and run over it with his bike. 

I asked him why he followed through with something that would clearly break the phone, and he told me that he wanted to look cool. 

He requested that I buy him a new phone, and while I could afford to do that I didn’t think it would be fair to do so after he had knowingly broken his old phone. 

I told him that he could use his old iPhone 5s. I dug it out and discovered that it had fully died at some point in the past year, which meant that was not an option. He still needed something I could use to contact him, though, so I gave him an old flip phone I found in a cabinet. 

He told me this was unusable and completely unfair to stick him with, but I disagree. It preforms the basic actions you need a phone for. The rest is optional, and he chose looking cool over having that. 

AITA?I've been applying for jobs recently. This morning my boyfriend  "Ian" was still sleeping and my phone rang.  It was one of the jobs that I applied for and they asked if I had a minute to talk. I said sure and went in my office and shut  the door,  I had been in my living room anyways but noise carries more from the living room and I was trying to be quiet. 

Well right after I closed my office door Ian got up and I heard him walking around.  Then he opened the door and came in.  He asked "who is that?" "Oh! Is that your mom? Tell her hi". I was still talking to the hr person and he said "Is that Mary? Who is that?" 

I got up and waved my arm (trying to wave him away) while still trying to answer the HR person's questions, and went back in the living room.   He followed me and said "is that Kim? Ask if her and Kyle want to go for lunch with us later".  

So I went in the kitchen instead,  he followed me AGAIN and started unloading the dishwasher.  I started walking back to my office and the HR lady said she wanted me to come in for an interview Thursday at one. So I said "Thursday at one works great". While she was explaining how to get there, get in the building and everything Ian comes running and says "no no no! not Thursday today! I work Thursday ". I thanked her and hung up.

  I was annoyed.  I said "that was about a job that wasn't Kim, you're worse than a nosey 5 year old that needs attention ". 

He said "well you could have just told me who it was". 

I said "yea in the middle of a call I'll  say "hold on my bf wants to know who I'm talking to "". 

He said "well you could have wrote it down or something, I was just curious, I get up and you're already on the phone Sorry. You don't have to be mean about it." He's done this crap before and it's  annoying. 

 So I just stayed in my office and have been checking emails and futzing around.  I'm just irritated because if that Hr person heard him I would have looked unprofessional and he was disrupting my concentration  (I have Adhd) and made it harder for me to focus on what she was saying. Maybe I shouldn't have snapped like that and I overreacted.  

AITAI recently spent $2300 out of pocket getting assessed for autism and ADHD at the suggestion of my psychologist. I was diagnosed with both, which has allowed me to get financial assistance and accommodations at uni, so it's very useful in the long term but it was a huge blow financially.

When I mentioned to my parents that I'd been diagnosed, they told me it was completely unnecessary because I was already diagnosed with both at age 6. They had never told me or anyone else about my diagnoses because they didn't want me to think I was different and didn't want me to be treated differently. Spoiler: I already knew I was different, I just didn't know why and thought I was a freak, same with every school bully and even some teachers. They were even told to put me on ADHD meds but they didn't.

So I asked my parents to reimburse me for the money I wasted on getting assessed, because it was their fault I wasted it. If they hadn't kept my own medical information from me, this would never have happened and I would have been able to get accommodations from the very start of uni which would have made things so much easier for me. They watched me struggle socially and academically for 14 years and never bothered to explain why or get me help for it.

My family is pissed at me for asking to be reimbursed. They think it's rude and my parents didn't do anything wrong, they were just trying to protect me. They even keep saying that my autism stops me from understanding why they did it and that me asking for reimbursement is rude. I think it's reasonable that if someone's actions caused me to waste money then they should pay for it. They had 14 years to tell me, if they didn't want me to know while I was a kid they could have sat me down when I was 18 and told me, but they chose to withhold my medical information from me.

I (female-American 37) met my fiancè (Male 46 Canadian-Lebanese) 3 years ago. He has a 23yo daughter "Najwa" She was heavily against her parents separating which I had nothing to do with cause I met him 2 years after the separation. Najwa and I seemed to be doing pretty good getting along first but then she started doing things like damaging my car and legal documentations (she damaged my pasport to prevent me from traveling with her dad and threw away my dogs food) her excuse was always that her mom told her to do those things and was pressured by her. I did my best to let things go and she stopped and we sort of started getting along again until her dad and I announced our marriage date. She literally angerily screamed at us at dinner table but the next minute said "congratulation" with huge smile on her face. Her own 34yo, Lebanese-Canadian boyfriend called her "nuts".


She came over to her dad's house while I was out and found my wedding dress (I've never been married before this is my first experience ever and I was overjoyed with the dress) and ruined it with paint, literall wall paint she brought with her. She wasn't there when I got home but the door cam revealed everything. I had a very negative reaction I confronted her and she still denied. I made a police report but got talked into letting it go since her boyfriend paid for the dress.

Everything was expected to go back to normal but I was done with her (she didn't even apologize) and am now discussing filing for a restraining order against her cause this was the last straw. Her dad found out about the pitential RO and disagreed completely and said I went over the top by even considering it but she's an adult and she ruined hundreds worth of dollars and she should face the consequences. Where does it stop?. He insisted I let it go cause he wants her at our wedding and an RO will prevent her from being there. He said I already got paid for the dress and he'll get her to apologize if I wanted but I still refused. He told me to at least wait until after the wedding then do whatever cause he really wants Najwa there and called me cruel to dismiss how important that is for him. It got too much for me and I told him I could've made things worse and had her charged but I just want her to stay away and asked him to respect my decision. he said I was unreasonable to think he'd support me in this and begged that I reconsider cause this will ruin his relationship with her forever.

I feel like morally I could be wrong since she's my stepdaughter and we are family I think this might ruin the relationship between us (her, her dad, and my inlaws). Who are begging me not to do this.

Eta my fiance has always been supportive of me and helped me so much while struggling and he's unlike the family. He's kind and understanding.I'm 14F and am in 8th grade. Every year starting in January, the 8th grade students are "volunteering" at local businesses or government services. We're assigned a place and for 3 hours every week we volunteer here until March. To be a little more specific, it's places like libraries, elementary schools, food banks, stuff like this. For example, my brother "volunteered" at a local French language school shredding documents, and my other brother "volunteered" at a local community center cleaning garbage. I was assigned to a food bank organizing donations.

We're not paid, it's not for marks, and while we need 40 hours of volunteer service to complete highschool (its part of the graduating requirement), this "volunteer" work does not count because the hours can only count if you're already in highschool. We're told it's to give us confidence working with others and working in the real world as well to give back to our community.

I'm protesting and trying to get my parents involved and I want to know if IWBTA. I'm being told I'm not a team player and am making myself look bad by not "volunteering" my time to someone else. This has been going on for maybe a couple of decades at my school and I just don't want to undervalue my time by giving it away for free.My (30sF) husband (30sM) is graduating college. His class decided to go out to celebrate with drinks after their exams. He said significant others weren't invited. 

I had a routine check-up with my primary just before the celebration started and she found a lump on my breast. I'm young, but have a history of breast cancer on my mom's side (my aunt died before the age of 35 from it). She wanted me to get a biopsy that day and referred me to the correct place. 

It was going to be a few hours before they could see me as they were doing her a favor and it was obviously short notice. I was a crying mess, so my husband reluctantly agreed for me to come wait with him at the bar for my appointment time. 

I got to the bar, introductions were made and although I was quite scared, I felt I was nice to everyone and as talkative as I could be. 

I left my husband at the bar with his classmates and went for the biopsy, followed by a mammogram. It was terrifying, but my doctor was great and a nurse held my hand through it all. 

When I got home, my husband was pissed at me. Apparently I offended his classmates because I was standoffish and rude to them, and in their words "just an overall downer that brought down the mood of the celebration". He said I embarrassed him and he regretted having me join them.

I now feel terrible like I ruined his day to celebrate with his friends and maybe should have just kept the situation to myself so as not to bring him and them down.

*Edit Key Points*
- Yes, husband knew all details of cancer scare as soon as first appt ended. 
- I'm the only one working while he's in school. I do NOT pay for his school. 
And just in case anyone other than the super kind person is wondering:
- I've taken him to a nice dinner after every milestone was passed (and as a consolation if things haven't gone great).
- I worked a side job while he's in class to save up secret money and bought him a private deep sea fishing charter for his graduation gift. I am not a bad wife. I do what I can within my limited means.



*Edit/Update*

First of all, I need to thank each and every one of you for the outpouring of love and support. I've never felt that in my life and I'm beyond thankful for it now. This subreddit and all of you not only changed my life in a 24 hour whirlwind, but you may have also saved it. 

When I came on here, I really didn't realize any of the things I know now. I truly thought I was in the wrong, but had a nagging feeling that wouldn't go away. I saw this subreddit on a FB post and felt it could help me figure out if the nagging insistence had a purpose. I'm glad I did. Even with the not so nice responses, I realized I'm not only NOT TA in this particular instance, but I probably haven't been for a lot of instances. 

I copied what I commented yesterday and have included it below. It was an interesting and educational night so, I'll include anything that may be important before the commented update. 

While I have acquaintances here, I don't particularly have anyone I'd call a friend and I'm only just realizing through contacting people that any friendships I tried to make were thwarted by my husband. 

I spent most of the night doing research about various things and I'm feeling confident that pretty much all of you are right in your suspicions about him and what my next steps should and will be. 

If I'm allowed to, I'll update with my results when they come in, but unfortunately still no word yet. 

Sorry for the book. 😬 

*Commented Update*

A girl from my husband's class saw this post and recognized enough of the situation to reach out to me. She was present at the bar when I was there, I was too dazed to give her a second thought. My husband was so upset by me needing to make an appearance, because he had led everyone to believe we were in the midst of a divorce. Significant others were more than welcome, my husband told me that so I wouldn't go. He saw me calling and stepped away from the group. She said he looked like he was yelling at someone, even though his tone was calm and low to me. She also said it was the only call he received and that he did not make any calls. 

Why would he say we're getting divorced if we're not? Because he is having an affair with the girl that reached out. He didn't tell anyone why I was really there at the bar. No one said I was a downer (to her knowledge). She saw my post, put two and two together and felt sick. So she reached out. He gave her a sob story that made him sound like a hero for "taking care of me through the divorce process because I'm broke and alone". She had screenshots of conversations between them and details that make me dizzy. This has been going on for almost the entire length of the program he is in. 

I confronted him. 
I'm livid. I'm nauseated. He told me they said I was a downer so I'd be too ashamed to reach out to any of them following me meeting them so he could keep the lie going. He planned on leaving me once he graduated because he wouldn't need me anymore. Me possibly having cancer threw a wrench in the plan. He is unapologetic. She was apparently a fling because he was bored with school. 

I didn't cry. I didn't yell. I am in my bathroom currently trying to figure out wth my life has become and what I need to do next. 

Side note, he finally asked me how serious the biopsy went. 

So... at this point, even if I was the ass hole, I'm not sorry. Except for the fact that I can't get a refund for the stupid fishing trip. 

I don't want this to be my life. I really don't.





*Final Edit/Update*


I hope this doesn't break the rules. 
I apologize that it has taken so long to update, things have been very bad and moving faster than I can handle. 

First and foremost, the results were not nearly as good as hoped and were worse than expected. I have Stage II Grade 3 TNBC. My doctor did a blood test and I have the BRCA1 gene mutation. Lucky me. I'm working very closely with my doctors and intend to fight like hell. 

I'm separated from AH. He told me he wasn't sorry for how he treated me until my results came back and now he feels bad because "there was a reason to be worried after all". He wanted me to ignore everything I'd found out (the lying, the cheating, etc) and let him "be there for me and take care of me"... I'd rather go it alone. 

I will not be seeking a friendship with the girl he cheated with as one redditor suggested. She has outted him to their class and has blocked him. She continued to try to reach out, but I told her that due to obvious reasons, it's just upsetting and preventing me from moving on. 

Multiple people I know have shown this all to my family, they're trying to make amends, but they're toxic as well so I'm avoiding that.

I know I need a support base, but it seems to be slim pickings. 

I won't be updating here again. I have a fight and a half ahead of me that will require all of my attention and energy. Thank you for everyone reaching out and requesting updates. I really do feel less alone because of you. 

So, yeah. That's all I have for you.[removed]Long story short, 3 years ago my fiance's mom was trying to leave a relationship and needed a place to stay. At that time we lived in a very small, cramped 2 bedroom apartment- with the 2nd bedroom converted in to my office because I work from home and need the space for my employment equipment (two monitors, printer, fax, filing cabinets, etc). Despite me saying that I truly didnt want to give up my space, he begged and pleaded until finally I gave in. He said, and I quote, "When the day comes you know I would do the same for you if your family ever needed it." I was honestly still far, far from happy because realistically speaking his mom didnt need a place to go at all. The house her and her BF had was in fact hers and she had owned it for years so why she was the one to move out is beyond me (it wasnt a toxic relationship- she just wasnt "feeling it" anymore). Fast forward two months of her staying: she has completely taken over my office space and I have my equipment set up in the only other spot available; directly in front of my tv. She moves out and back in with her BF. Never paid a dime and didnt even bother taking most of her shit with her- which took me more than 3 days to clear out with my fiance. Not impressed.

Anywho- we upgrade. We bought a 4 bedroom home last year with the plan of expanding our family. This was prior to finding out he is fertile. It sucks but honestly, it is what it is. I'm not wildly upset about it. However, my mom just lost her home due to foreclosure (she was renting and her landlord didnt pay his rent so the house was foreclosed and she was given a 3 day notice to quit). My mom has my siblings with her (14yo twins). Very well behaved and clean kids. She needs a place to go. We have two rooms available. I bring it up with my fiance and he immediately says he isnt comfortable with it and that he doesnt want his home to feel like it isnt his by allowing other people to move in and "take over". So I brought up his agreement years back and stated that I allowed his mother to move in for literally no reason; whereas my mother legit needs a place. 

He is now saying that that was years ago and the situation is 100% different because "there wasnt two teenagers running the house" when his mom moved in. He says I'm an AH for trying to force this on him and make him do something he isnt comfortable with. AITA?BG info : I’m 21 and my brother Luke is 18.

I was always very protective of my brother. He was the accident baby and my parents made sure that we knew he wasn’t wanted.

We are the opposite, I am into sport and outgoing, he is shy and introvert. So they always criticised him, compared us and everything he did was never good enough.

Because of that Luke got more withdrawn around my parents and my family.

For my friends, we are a group of 4. I met them when I was between 6 and 10. We became inseparable since then and they quickly took the role of big brother with Luke.

So during our childhood it was always me, my friends and Luke. We were the one taking care of him, driving him, cheering for him at competions, helping with homeworks…

Things changed when me and my friends started university. We were less present. With Covid his school closed and his competions stoped. He was alone at home with my parents and it got really hard for him mentally.

This year in september I took an appartment with my friends and we changed city.

1 month ago Luke came one night in tears. He came out to our parents the night of his 18 birthday, and it went  badly. They told him awful things and still do everyday. Apparently they will accept him only if he decided to date a girl to avoid any shame. They also told him I would never accept him and this is why he never told me until now. I never saw my brother that depressed.

That night I told everything to my friends. The next day the 3 of them told us that he should move in and they were adament that he should not pay rent or anything.

He is doing home classes, everything is good and I can see him getting happier everyday.

Now the issue : I got with my GF 4 months ago and since Luke came living with us she has some complains : I am too close to him, he is always here,always sad..(she says that in front of him). I told her to stop but my roomates told me she still do it when I am in another room.

2 days ago the both of us were watching a movie and Luke was working on the table next to us. She suddently started talking about her dream wedding and at one point she said : « Luke if you want to come to our wedding you will have to bring a woman as a date, 2 men together are not pretty for the pictures. You will just have to date a girl it’s not hard ». Luke heard and I saw his face crumbled.

I imediatly asked her to leave and told her I would speak with her the next day. I spent the night reconforting Luke. During the evening she texted my rommates and they all told her that she was not welcome anymore.

The next day she and I talked and she told me that it was just a joke, that Luke was too sensitive. She also got mad when I told her that she had to respect the wishes of my roomates, that it was their home too. She then accused me of not defending her, overrecating, being too protective/too close to Luke and not trying to understand her.

&#x200B;

Edit and Update: So I don't really know what to say, I wasn't expecting this post to blow up this much and  I am overhelmed with all the answer and the kind words. 

I did break up with her yesterday right after this post, and I spent the evening/night with my brother and roomates. That's why I didn't respond to any of the comments. 

I tried to read some of them and I saw a few questions, I will try to read more today and maybe make an update to explain more and to answer a few comments.

Anyway thank you for all the messages of support and the kind words it means a lot to us.Throwaway because my BIL is on Reddit.  I was diagnosed with a terminal illness a few months ago.  It’s not a matter of if, but when, and the best estimate is that I have in the neighborhood of 1-2 years.  I’m dealing with it.  I’ve had a good life and no regrets.  Part of dealing with it is getting my affairs in order before I leave the stage.

My sister has two children (13f & 5m).  The 13 yo is from her previous relationship, the 5 yo from her current husband.  My niece’s father skipped out on them and my sister had a rough time of it, so I helped them out early on.  Her husband is well off so they’re set now, but it’s become very obvious to me over the years that he wishes my niece weren’t in their lives. They don’t exactly neglect her, but she’s left out of a lot and it’s very obvious even to our parents that my nephew is heavily favored. I’ve talked to my sister about it at various points, but she’s in denial and I don’t think would ever have the courage to stand up to her husband. I’ve tried to make it up to my niece in quiet ways, but I know it still hurts and I worry about her.

I made some very fortunate business moves early on and I’m now sitting on a large chunk of change and a retirement fund that I will not live to use.  My sister has made no plans for my niece’s college or anything else, but the girl is incredibly smart and hardworking in school and she deserves a chance to make the most of herself.  It’s my intention to have everything put in trust for her after my death, managed by my executor until she’s 25 so that her parents can’t touch it, she can have money for school, and some time to mature before being fully in control. My nephew already has a trust fund from his father, so he doesn’t need the money.  Ironically, this would put her in a better financial position than the rest of the family, but I think that’s justice at this point considering how much she’s put up with and missed out on.

I sat down with my parents and sister to lay out my plans and end of life wishes, and my sister is deeply offended that I’m excluding her and my nephew. She thinks I should leave the money to her to split between them or set up equal trusts for the kids. My father loathes BIL and said he agrees with me not letting him or my sister near the trust, but I could leave my nephew something to save face. My mother is too distraught to have an opinion right now. BIL made a joke later about contesting the will, and my sister isn’t speaking to me.

I feel like I have more responsibility to look after my niece since no one else is, while her brother will be okay. I love my nephew, too, though, and don’t want him to feel bad when he’s older. I’ve planned to leave him some non monetary items. AITA?

Edit: 

Goodness, this blew up!  First, thank you for the kind condolences. It’s never an easy thing to face, but there are worse things that can happen and I’ve already been more fortunate than most.  As everyone has suggested, I do have a good lawyer and financial planner working on this as well as a trusted friend in estate planning who will be my executor so that this remains as far outside of family politics as possible.  

I do like the idea as someone suggested of leaving enough for university tuition locked down for my nephew just in case his father is being dishonest about the trust, so I will discuss that with the professionals.  I’m also leaving him some items of actual value, which I suppose he could sell if he chose. That being said, he has a large family on his father’s side to help him, whereas my niece has only me and my parents locally, our other family lives abroad and would not be in a position to help. I do also like the idea of making recordings and letters for them to explain the situation.

Some here were worried about BIL treating my niece badly in the next few years because of the trust and that’s something I’ve been concerned about myself.  My niece would prefer to live with her grandparents and they would be happy to have her, but my sister has been an obstacle to that because of appearances. I’ve compiled evidence of emotional neglect over the years along with BIL’s shady behavior in general and have discussed suing for custody with my parents in the event the situation worsens. I will work in some emergency funds for legal costs and such in the event that happens or to allow my niece to emancipate at 16 if she chooses.  That year or two gap might be difficult for her, but I think if it’s clear that there are a lot of eyes on the situation and people in her corner, BIL won’t escalate too much as it would draw unwanted attention to his other activities.  Before I was diagnosed, I had floated the idea with my sister of paying to send her to a good boarding school so she could get a better quality education and maybe feel a little more comfortable away from home. That was received favorably at the time, so that may also be an option if my sister is still open to it.

My parents and I do plan to sit down with my niece soon and discuss this with her, make sure she’s introduced to my executor and lawyer so she knows who she can reach out to if she needs help or advice, and prepare her for what’s coming.  I had planned a trip for all of us - sister and nephew included - back to my parents’ home country for Lunar New Year, so I’m hoping that I’m still healthy enough by then to go and that some of this can be worked out while my sister is away from BIL’s influence.[removed]I've never used reddit before and don't really know how this works but my son wanted me to post here and get unbiased opinions.

My son got married a few years ago and they had their first child 9 months ago. I usually have people over to my house for Christmas and my son said since they now have a baby they will not be traveling anywhere on Christmas day. That's fine and I told him to have a nice Christmas. He invited me over and I politely declined. I don't want to go to anyone's house on Christmas, which is why I fully respect them not wanting to come here, and she is inviting her family and I don't want to have a big holiday with people I don't know well. Also I want to invite certain people to my house who they do not know.

My son snapped at me that that was selfish and it is his wife's turn to host. I said we don't need to take turns. We can both do it every year since I am not demanding they come to my house and they can't force me to go to theirs. We ended the conversation ok, but he called me again and said certain family members won't go if I don't want to go, so I have to come. Honestly I don't believe that. I believe they told him that, but I think it was just an excuse. He wants his cousins there, but I feel that my sister feels like I do, that why should we have to give up our holiday plans just because he wants to try something new. I told him I just really don't want to come. I want to be home with my husband and eat what I want. I don't like people and he knows that. He got very angry and said no normal person would do this to their child.

I even offered a compromise. I will lie to my sister and say we really aren't doing anything for Christmas and not to expect a big meal. If she still doesn't want to go to his house, I think that proves she is lying. My son thinks I am an asshole because I'm not willing to sacrifice this for him. I think he is being a controlling asshole, and while he and his wife have the right to do whatever they would like, they do not get to force that on me. Honestly I don't see myself changing my plans, but he made me promise I would read the responses and get an unbiased opinion.

Also someone said to add an edit that my MIL, who doesn't know my son well, comes over on Christmas and I don't want to abandon herMy (24F) nephew (5M) has always been claustrophobic. Even as a baby he hated being swaddled or cuddled too long. He’d get fussy and cry until he was put down and able to move freely. 

My sister thinks he’s just being dramatic and tells him he needs to overcome this “phase” even though it’s a true issue.

Recently he’s taken a neurological test because he wasn’t developing at the right speed I guess? I’m not entire sure. Anyway the test determined something wrong and they took some X-ray or something and saw  a mass in his brain. He needs an MRI.

Flash forward to two days ago. My sister (34F) asks me to go with them for support. Obviously I’m all for it. We drive over an hour to this place, my nephew is miserable in his car seat but dealing quietly by playing on his iPad. 

I ask my sister if she explained to him what’s happening (mentally prepare him to be in an enclosed machine for 45 minutes). She said no and he’ll be fine. I warn her this will not end well if he’s not prepared properly. She shrugged it off and says they’ll “knock his ass out if he moves too much” I tell her that won’t happen because they need to test him for anesthesia allergies, etc.

It’s a quiet drive and when we arrive, as predicted, my nephew has a mental breakdown when they try to put him in the MRI machine. He’s sobbing, shaking, sweating and trying to hide behind the trash can. He got so terrified that he wet himself. It honestly broke my heart. 

My sister was incredibly mean to him about this. She didn’t reassure him or comfort him. She grabbed him and tried to force him onto the bed which just made him scream “please God, protect me” as he cried. 

At the end of it, the doctors said they could not proceed with the MRI because he would not settle down. We left

In the car, my sister RIPPED him into. “Why are you so stupid” “you wasted my time for nothing” “are you happy now” “you can say goodbye to all your things”

He cried himself to exhaustion and I silently fumed until he was fully asleep. Then I ripped into her that this whole this was her fault for not talking to him about the process knowing he’s claustrophobic and even if he wasn’t an MRI is scary to children and even adults. I told her she was mean and acting cruel to her son. 

She bursted into tears saying she was so stressed about this and she couldn’t help it. I said it’s her job as the parent to keep it together for her son, not take her frustrations out on him when he’s also scared (he’s asked me if he was going to die because of the mass in his brain)

After she dropped me off, she sent me a long text calling me an AH for saying she’s being mean and a bad mom and since I don’t have kids I wouldn’t understand her struggle. 

AITA for calling her out on her mean and cruel acts?

EDIT for all the comments saying I’m an AH for not sticking up for him: 

I tried to help in the hospital. My sister was tense and my nephew was obviously terrified. I stepped in to coax him out of his hiding spot and helped him change clothes as he had wet himself. During that time I did try to explain to him what the MRI machine does and how it won’t hurt him. The damage was already done though. I couldn’t explain or prepare him before because my sister wouldn’t tell me “scare him before it even happens” 

The reason I didn’t say anything in the car while she yelled at him was because everyone has told me that you should never call out a parent in front of their child. Again I can see why I should have stopped it, but I’ve tried in the past and it’s only escalated the situation.

EDIT #2 :  An unforeseen thing happened late last night. My sister called me crying and told me to take my nephew, she can’t handle it at the moment. I went to pick him up and she had a majority of his things packed up -clothes, toys, bathroom accessories. He was asleep so he had no idea what’s going on.

I will be taking care of him and she will send me child support money for his care. We both believe it’s what is best for him and she admits she needs to reevaluate her life and behavior. 

Apparently my mother ripped into her as well for treating him poorly and it got her thinking. His MRI is scheduled for next week so I’m going to help him prepare so he can be ready and make sure it’s done probably this time.

Thank you all so much for the support. My husband and I are expecting our first baby, and we're due in just a few weeks. When we first announced our pregnancy to our family after the first trimester (20+ weeks ago), we also announced our baby's gender AND his name. My sister and her husband have been trying to conceive their third kid for the last 5ish years, however, due to some complications in her previous pregnancy, they have had to do several rounds of IVF. Turns out she found out she was pregnant 5 weeks after me and announced her pregnancy a little over a month after us. She found out she is also expecting a baby boy and we were both excited about the idea of our kids growing up to be best friends. Everything was going pretty great until a few weeks ago. My mom decided to come to visit me to help me get the nursery ready, and mentioned that my sister had really liked the name my husband and I picked for our baby and that she had decided to take it. My mom then asked me what my husband and I would change our baby's name to since it would be too confusing to have two grandkids with the same name. I told my mom that we were NOT changing the name of our baby since our hearts were set on it, and we wouldn't have announced it if we weren't sure. I then get a call from my sister, claiming that since this was their miracle baby, she would get first dibs on whatever name they wanted. I told her that she can name her baby whatever she wants, but that we're not changing our minds about our baby's name. AITA for not being willing to change my baby's name?

UPDATE: Our sweet baby boy decided to join our family a little early this week and we kept the name we have wanted from the beginning. It suits him so well ♥️

My sister still hasn’t had her baby and announced this week that she’s using the same name with a different spelling.(I edited to make something’s more clear)

My GF and I order in a lot for date nights for logistical reasons. Like a lot. She really likes dominos pizza, it’s an easy food for her and she has texture/sensory issues, I’m not gonna judge, I certainly don’t mind anything whatever she wants to eat, it’s hard finding stuff she likes at restaurants that won’t upset her stomach or set off the texture thing. She just has a thing where she is the one that HAS to order the food, and she never does more than 12% tip

Problem is we have been ordering a lot and the *same guy* has been coming the last half dozen times and he’s always been great. Never a problem, friendly, on time, hot, no issues with the pizza going sideways and being a mess when it arrives and so on. One time he even grabbed us an extra thing of garlic dipping sauce and she wasn’t complaining when she used that. When I saw his name yet again this time (it’s an unmistakable name) I started thinking. I grabbed a five from my wallet and brought it with me when I answered the door. I asked the guy “hey can you accept direct tips, like from me?” and he said yeah so I offered him the money and took the food. 

My GF overheard and got on me about being a condescending asshole about the fact being a regular joe just trying to make ends meet is hard enough without pity handouts or my savior complex. Plus she said I was undermining her, which was the big thing and that she feels I just called her cheap and undervaluing work, despite her having been in retail, but she said that’s literally what he gets paid to do, that’s the bare minimum, and that’s that. 

It’s really messed up date night and she’s super pissed with me now. I just wanted to recognize that this guy was doing a lot of work and helpful and always nice to us, that he even goes above what we ask. Idk, maybe it came across condescending, and like I was calling her tip not good enough?

**Update!**

GF and I patched things up. She had gone off the rails due to the realization that she was under tipping and felt bad about it. Instead of facing that, she said she pushed it to me because “it felt like you had done something to make me feel like that when it was me to start with”. She reacted badly, she knows it, she even knew it on the night of but didn’t know how to talk that over as well as understanding why she went off so badly. Everything she said, she apologized for. She grew up hearing her dad talk about tipping like that and didn’t think she’d let it get to her. She said “it was like every time I opened my mouth, my dad‘s words came out”. She’s ashamed and appalled by the things she said. 

I pointed out some of the things you all mentioned, def not the ones where you called her psycho though. Specially the ones about wages. She had no idea that the wages changed on the road, how little reimbursement there was, and never considered the wear and tear aspect. She’s also going to talk to her doctor about where to start with a potential ARFID diagnosis, or at least just looking into it even if it’s not specifically that. First thing’s first though, our next delivery is getting a hefty tip, so are the rest. 

Also yeah, sorry, I really did come off as a jerk about the emoji thing, which some of you pointed out. Wasn’t cool of me and an asshole move on it’s own. 

Thanks for everything guys!

(Oh one more edit, because it’s funny. I meant the pizza’s always hot, pizza dude’s def not my type haha)UPDATE: thank you for all your kind responses!! I discussed it with my husband and he apologized and understood my position. He was just frustrated that since I gave birth there have been a lot of opinions by doctors on when to start bottle feeding. Most said wait 3 month or wait a month so I understood why he was confused/frustrated. But he saw how easier is and also he can feed the baby too.
I wanna clear something. My husband has been a champ taking care of me while working (from home) he cooks, clean and takes over if I need a nap and in exchange I take the “nightshift” so he has more energy for work and helping during the day. He also told me he is scared about the bonding but I explained to him that he is bonding with her even tho he does not breastfeed directly and I do so too but not exclusively by latching the baby to my boob. And we can see how it goes along the road.
I am scared of the milk stopping if I do not latch from now and then but I’ve read a lot of experience that exclusively bottle feed while pumping and they could do it for months. I’m gonna try for a few more weeks of this bottle at night/breast at day and if I’m still too uncomfortable with boob feeding I will just pump and bottle for the rest of it.
Also my baby has a high palate and that creates a vacuum sucky ion that it becomes painful. The nipple guard helps but is a pain getting it on and baby not pushing it off or away.


Around 10 days ago I gave birth to my first  baby. Since then I have exclusively breastfed. 
But for my annoyance it gutted like hell. I got help through a nipple guard which helped somehow with the pain but not completely. Still better though and I still fed my baby accordingly to the 2-3 hrs window until satisfied.
I asked for alternatives but they told me since I’m producing so much that it was better to breastfeed for now so I don’t get mastitis. No bottle for now.
It still hurt so I asked the pediatrician again and said “let’s see how she/he gains or looses weight first.”

This week we found out my baby is actually back to birthweight and going up. Which is very good news. So I asked if I could bottle feed again and got the green light.
My husband knows it hurts and also has seen me breastfeed for like an hr (my baby normally goes for 20-30min each session). But he is not thrilled that I wanna bottle feed
Last night I pumped myself around 3.0-3 1/2 oz. And fed my baby, I finished all (burping, changing diaper, swaddling) in less than 30 min. Baby did not cry and was asleep right away. I finally slept better and more than 1-2hrs between feeding at night.
My husband works so I take care of the baby at night and try not to bother. This morning (around 5/6 am) he saw me bottle fed again and commented “so we are only going to use bottle now ha?” Angrily. I told him it was mostly at night and that we finally got to sleep without a fuss. He still says that he is not happy about it and that I’m taking the easier route. I basically told him that is not for him to decide since is still breast milk just not directly from my boob and the one who deals with it is me, he scoffed of saying “you are always the victim, doing everything”

WIBTA for wanting to fed my baby My breast milk through a bottle at night since it makes it easier/hurts less?My step-children’s mother wants me to sell my home so that they can receive 50% of the proceeds. I am refusing. She has told me that I am hurting my late husband’s children and that I am an asshole.

My late husband, David, had 2 children – Thomas and Megan. Their mother, Kelly, had primary custody with David getting the kids every other weekend. Kelly was just a joy – dragging David into court at every opportunity. If David found a dollar on the street, Kelly would drag him into court to get “her fair share”.  David always took care of his kids – paying not just his child support but also much more.

When David and I decided to build our home we setup what would happen if one of us died before the other. Basically the survivor would get the house, but when the survivor died or sold the home – 50% of the proceeds would go to their designated heirs (for David – his children, for me it was my sister). We were both contributing equally to the new home.

Then in 2018, David decided to change jobs and he was taking 2 weeks off between the end of his old job and the start of his new one. David had almost all of his insurance (including life insurance) through his employer. He was killed in an accident a week before he was to start his new job.  David had a will that left his savings (we kept our finances separate) and 401k to his children – but there wasn’t a large amount. There was no life insurance.  We did have mortgage insurance, so when David died the house was paid off.

Kelly hated me and did everything she could to make her kids do so as well. So it was no surprise we didn’t have any contact after David passed.  I was surprised when Kelly reached out to me a couple of weeks ago. She said that she and the children are struggling financially since she ended up having to close down her business in 2020. She is working now – but at a low-paying call center job. She wants me to sell the house so that half the proceeds would go to the kids and she can use that for their education/medical expenses. According to Kelly, Megan is having medical issues and needs treatment that her insurance does not cover and Kelly cannot afford.

I said no – I was not selling my home. Honestly I could care less what Kelly thinks – she has been a bitch to me since the day I met her. However David’s parents – whose opinion I do respect – also called to say that they believe it is what David would have wanted. I told them I would think about it. I know my husband loved his children more than anything and would have done anything for them. Right now – living without rent/mortgage – I am on track to retire very early. I have decided I am not giving that up. His parents told me that David would be ashamed of me for being a selfish bitch which I admit hurt to hear.

AITA?

EDIT:

Some of the questions on this message have made me realize that if I agreed to somehow mortgage 50% of the house to pay their children out early (assuming that is even a valid option) that I would be spending over $1,000.00 more a month than I would have if David were still alive and I had half of a mortgage payment. David was responsible for financially supporting Thomas and Megan.  I am not. I am going to tell Kelly and David's parents that I will not be selling the house anytime soon and to not contact me on this matter again.

Thank you to everyone that took the time to comment - whether you thought I was the asshole or not.  You all helped me process this and I appreciate it. I (21 F) and my childhood bestie. Have always been friends and she got engaged 5 months ago to her boyfriend of 6 months. We had planned our weddings since we were 14 and she wanted a castle wedding with a ballgown. Two months ago she found her dream castle in which she booked the wedding in 4 months. She just asked for a 280 dress for us plus for us to pay 1/10 of a 2000 wedding dress there's 6 bridesmaids which is 200 dollars plus a 14000 Bachelorette party which 2333.34 per person and a 600 bridal shower. The total is 2,913.34 which i can't afford i am still in university and finish in a few months  before the wedding but I am 100,000 in debt. I told her I can't pay for her wedding dress and 14000 Bachelorette party. Not even including the flight. She wanted us to also pay for makeup and hair we are not allowed togther. She also wants my hair dirty blonde I am a red head and can't dye it back. She also wants us to get her wedding gifts from the registry and pay for our own dinner. I told her at this point I can't afford that and she freaked out saying I am an A-hole cause it's her big day and I helped her plan it at 14. I told her I am not in a financial situation to do this but I can try to work my butt off to afford it. AITA if I tell her I cant afford this i don't want to ruin her wedding and our friendship.
So I ask AITA
Update guess what he called offthe wedding and now she is trying to get a refund in everything and the down payment back and dropped out of university i feel kinda bad but karma is a b**chI (28F) work with another woman (33F) who is extremely pregnant at the moment. She is on maternity leave and is taking time off right now, but she is very dedicated to keeping our entire office keyed in to every little detail of her pregnancy. She spams her ultrasounds and updates and baby bump pictures to the office group chat constantly. She also has already had the baby shower and is still requesting more stuff for the baby from us.

She treats the baby like it’s a child, playing Mozart and playing a math podcast to it so it will come out with a higher IQ. That’s why I wasn’t surprised when she showed up at the office for “bring your kids to work day” to make it about her pregnancy. Even though her “kid” has yet to be born. She started showing all the children her pregnant belly and telling them about it.

My other co-worker brought her baby too, who is a boy and 1.5 years old. My pregnant co-worker approached him and told him there’s a baby inside her, pointing at her stomach. She was wearing a dress. The boy misunderstood since he’s a literal baby and tried to look up her dress to see it. My co-worker was shocked and screamed at him and startled him, causing him to start crying and shrieking and to run to his mom. 

The mom was furious and started yelling at my pregnant co-worker that she’s a lunatic and saying why is she even here since her kid isn’t born yet. My pregnant co-worker started screaming back that this is how predators start out and that she’s the victim and the baby needs to be controlled. She turned to me for backup, and I told her she’s insane thinking she’s been victimized by a literal baby. She yelled at me that it’s no excuse and I’m enabling.

Both my co-workers were asked to leave by security. I’m pretty sure her reaction to a baby looking up her dress to find the baby was insane, but maybe I’m losing it. AITA?I (19 F) recently got the chance to safely see my boyfriend (20M) family for a dinner. I work as a paramedic and would reject going to any plans my boyfriend had with me wanting to go see his family due to COVID.

I recently got the chance to have a two week vacation and decided to accept my boyfriend offer to see his family. I asked my boyfriend what would be served and just checking in to see if what they would make won’t have Seafood/ Shellfish since I’m allergic to them. 

The day comes and I had a good time with them up until the time for us to eat, I noticed the food they had mostly had either seafood in it or was entirely seafood. I asked if they had anything else but my boyfriend insisted I should just eat a little to not be disrespectful. I stood my ground and informed him and his family I’m severely allergic to seafood and after they insisted that they won’t serve me or make anything that doesn’t have seafood, I thanked them and left. 

Today, I got angry text messages from my boyfriend upset that I disrespected him and his family and wanted me to apologize to them but I’m not going to. 

AITA?I won't be using names or ages in this post.

So me and my husband live with our daughter, and I'd like to think that our house has been decorated very well. We've spent a lot of money on furniture, good appliances, the kitchen, the bathroom etc.

Recently, our daughter's therapist recommended an emotional support animal for our daughter, due to her anxiety issues. Now I was under the impression that cat's fell under the umbrella of an emotional support animal, which would have been ideal, since we have a 1 year old Maine Coon cat. However, the therapist recommended a dog specifically, since our daughter would be able to take the dog to school and into shops etc. 

The problem with that is the fact that I'm not a dog lover to say the very least, and the idea of bringing one into my home fills me with dread. Before people tell me the dog can be trained: I get that, but the fact still remains that I just don't like dogs. 

My daughter think's I'm basically the devil for not getting her a dog, since she thinks it would really help her in her day to day life. My brother also sided with my daughter, saying that I need to stop being so vain with regards to my house.

AITA here?A guy i manage is ALWAYS late. 5-25 minutes, every time.  Generally speaking, its not a big deal and it has no effect on the operation, so i let it slide. These guys work on call, so even the most diligent guys are occasionally 5-10 minutes late. Most just call me, and give me a heads up beforehand. 

However after noticing a pattern i spoke to this individual and said "if you are going to be late, i need you to call me. Just let me know, that way i can plan around it." 

Next time he is on duty, he shows up 25 minutes late. No call. I find him, and let him lnow that he is getting a "formal reprimand" and the next time he is late it will be a 10 day suspension. Thats the standard procedure.

He tells me he is sorry, and it wont happen again. But then two days later my HR director calls me and says a complaint was filed against me for harrassment. The guy was claiming it was the 1st time he was ever late, and that it was less than 6 minutes. Also that i allow everyone else to be late. I explain the scenario to HR but they are skeptical, and make me withdraw my "formal reprimand"

Im pissed and i start digging through records and security footage for the past 30 days. I find emails where I documented conversations, and 5 instances of him showing up 30+ minutes late. I gather this all and send it to HR. They agree to reinstate the "formal reprimand". But i insist that we go after him for dishonesty and insubordination, both firable offenses. So, unless I withdraw those claims against him in the next 7days he will remain fired.

I am secure in my decision, but ive heard some other guys whispering about me being a "hardass".

So, AITA?I have been with my bf for 11 years and we have 3 kids, the youngest being almost 3 months. Since I've met him, he's been awful to wake up in the morning. I have to set an alarm for myself to start waking him up about an hour before he needs to be up. I start out waking him up nicely and gently but eventually I have to resort to "yelling" as he just doesn't hear me or shaking him. This happens no matter what time he goes to sleep at, although it's a little bit easier if he gets 8 hours of sleep .
This has caused many arguments but it's getting worse as I'm so exhausted from getting up with the baby. I have to be so loud in the morning that it wakes the baby up and there is no chance of me going back to sleep (I'm a SAHM. I understand this is a privilege and I'm sorry he has to wake up "early" but I feel like I should be able to "sleep in" if I'm up with the baby all night and the other kids are sleeping).
He woke up this morning asking why I'm so mad at him and I replied I'm not mad I'm just talking loud so he will hear me and wake up. He replies, " I AM up!" And falls back asleep. I'm nursing the baby stuck in a chair near the bed and every time I yell the baby startles and unlatches and it really is starting to piss me off and is painful. 
He semi wakes up and we are going back and forth and I'm like "this isn't normal! You have to have some sort of sleep disorder because this is fucked up!" 
He looks at me aghast and says "who talks to someone like that first thing in the morning?!" So I tell him it's not first thing in the morning, I've been trying to wake him up for over an hour. He just grumble at me and gets in the shower. When he gets out my middle son is asking for something and he snarks to him, "be careful, she might tell you you have a disorder." I'm just so frustrated at that point I tell him to get out and get to work and start crying. 
I'm wondering if Im out of line for saying he has a disorder and maybe just need to suck it up and accept it since I don't have a job and get to stay home. What do you think Reddit, am I the asshole?So I ( 30f) run a small machine shop, I inherited it.
 My dad left it to me because I couldn't get another job with my record, and I return the favor by recruiting from the local halfway house at times. I do look into their cases, these are people that served their time and are transitioning into the community.  

So paperwork keeps piling up because I'm busy on the floor, so I hire an admin, 23 F. All is good for a few months, until she approaches me in th er smoking area one day and says she has something to tell me. So we go in my office. 

She proceeds to tell me that one of the machinists has a check writing charge, she googled him because she was pretty sure he was a guy her aunt dated and went to prison. I basically said oh? Interesting. Mostly because I didn't want to confirm or deny. 

She said that she figured that I would want to know so I could fire him. I said " I have 3 felonies myself, so I don't have a no felon policy because that would be a bit hypocritical,  don't ya think?" She got all upset and said I should have told her, and I told her I had no obligation to. She says I should have warned her. She put in her 2 weeks . 

My friends think I'm right, but her friends sure don't.  She and her friends tried to blast me on a local FB page, but the admins took it down, so there is that. So reddit, AITA?

ETA : I'm a 30 year old woman. Just saying because lots of comments seem to assume I am a man. 
2. Also no predators are hiredWe have a rather small kitchen. There's basically only two places to stand/work while cooking. In front of the counter or in front of the stove. I have frequently asked my husband to please stay out of the kitchen if I am in there cooking because there's just no room for two people and he will be in the way etc. He constantly ignores this request though. Last night, he came into the kitchen at kind of a critical point while I had stuff in the frying pan and was preparing stuff at the counter. He stood in front of the stove and I was just waiting for him to move so that I could get to it. Then he said "this looks like it's burning, are you even gonna do anything?" In exasperation, I yelled "fn move!!" but instead he stood there and started lecturing me to "not yell at him, it's his kitchen too and he has every right to be in there also etc."  By the time he finished, the stuff in the pan was well and truely burnt. so I scraped it into the trash and told him to go make his own fn dinner because it was his kitchen too. AITA?

edit: I am completely blown away by how many people share my opinion on this. I always felt like an utter jerk because my husband could not care less if I invaded his space when he's the one cooking. And for a bit of clarification, we're both guys so it's also reassuring to hear how normal this type of conflict is. Keep your kitchen zones, ladies! Husbands can keep the f out if they're hindering and not helping!I will try to keep this short , please bear with me. 

Me and SIL gave birth around the same time this year , so we have babies of similar age, just that mine was born a month earlier than hers. 

2 days ago ,  brother and SIL came over for lunch with their 4 month old. Everything was cordial between us till then. After lunch , SIL and brother hands over my niece to me for babysitting so that they could attend a formal  event held by SIL's extended family near my location.

During the time they were gone , my niece starts crying because she was hungry. Unfortunately we ran out of formula and don't really rely on it in our household as I nurse my own baby most of the time. I really did not have any other alternative except nurse my niece which I did a few times because they were gone for quite long.  

They come back and me and SIL had a casual conversation till I tell her that niece was hungry and we ran out of formula, so I nursed her. SIL looks at me  sternly with a hint of disgust and berates me for nursing niece. I did not retaliate because I was too shocked at why she would be so agitated when all I did was feed her child.  If I had formula I would have used it for niece but I ran out of it and it was only me , my child and baby niece. How am I going to leave them alone and then run to the supermarket to buy formula???I don't have two seater baby prams either so I can't bring them along to the supermarket. If SIL had a preference she should have brought some formula in the baby essentials pack she passed to me. There were only diapers, rash cream and pacifier in the bag she gave me, no formula powder. So am I just supposed to let niece be hungry till they come back? I don't know what she expected me to do.  

SIL has not been attending my calls since this and honestly I feel bad, I want to apologize but SIL has not been responding. This got me thinking AITA ?

***EDIT:I had gotten work done, put baby to sleep  I went to sleep and then I  wake up to over 400 messages. Thank you to all, I am slowly reading through it all***[removed]My younger sister is finally getting married after many covid related delays in a “minimony” that involves about 9 people, including the officiant and photographer. They’re planning on having a much larger wedding in a couple years when international travel is easier. 

When she texted me the aesthetic she was going for a few weeks ago, I realized a very beautiful, expensive necklace I inherited from our grandma would go great with her dress so I offered to let her wear it. My exact phrase was “you could wear it if you wanted!” She was excited about the idea and said she’d try it on and see. 

Fast forward to today when she’s visiting my place, I got out the necklace and showed it to her and I again commented how lovely it was and how I was obsessed with it. She agreed and asked if I didn’t want to eventually wear it at my wedding then? I shrugged and said I still could and it didn’t bother me that she’d wear it first. 

She got really angry then and said that if she wore it at her wedding, the necklace would then be hers. I have to admit, I was really taken aback and didn’t know what to say. I think I said something like “oh I thought you were just borrowing it” and she told me that it was insane I’d tell her she could wear the necklace at her wedding and not give it to her to keep. 

I genuinely don’t know what to do. I adore the necklace and was looking forward to owning it and wearing it for years to come. But was it a faux pas to offer to let her wear it without giving it to her? I want her to be happy on her big day but this is literally the only necklace I have from our grandma. 

AITA, Reddit?


Edit: so my sister was searching Reddit last night to prove she was right about borrowed jewelry and instead found this post. 

To be clear, I adore my sister and we have a very strong relationship. She made an honest mistake and really thought she was right and wasn’t trying to gaslight or manipulate me. She’s a wonderful human who behaved shittily in a moment of stress (like we all do sometimes) and has since apologized and we’ve made up. 

I do hope she’ll borrow the necklace for her wedding day.Hi there, sorry for the shit grammar. English is my first language I just suck at it.

My(28F) brother Mike (33M) was married to Lisa (31F) for 4 years until last year when he was caught cheating with Penny(29F).

My ex-SIL was reserved, sweet and was straight edge (no alcohol/drugs). Mike loves to party and went to court ordered rehab before he was even 21. When Mike met Lisa he sobered up, got an apprenticeship and really turned his life around.  He also threw that all away on Penny. Penny knew he was married, she got him shit faced and that is how the affair started. Penny is loud, disgusting, obnoxious and encourages my brother to drink, he thinks she is just soooo fun and 'the life of the party'.

We were at a family party this past weekend and Mike and Penny were there. Some cousins we hadn't seen in years were there and were introduced to Penny. Mike introduced her as his "upgrade". Cue major side eye from me, my brother noticed and pulled me aside later.

He asked why the attitude-Penny was clearly an 'upgrade'.  I asked him to explain that comment, She's blonde, curvy and fun whereas Lisa "looked like a librarian with no tits". I decided to clear things up for him. Penny is obnoxious, rude, slovenly, her hair is poorly bleached and she smells like fungus.  No one looks at her like a prize to be won. No one is jealous of him (which he thinks they are? His best friend won't even talk to him any more because Penny made a dead baby joke to his wife after a miscarriage)

I let him know that he actually chose alcohol over his ex, Penny just encouraged him to do it because she had a crush on him for years.

He called me a bitch, I told him "samesies".

Pretty sure I am the asshole on this one tbh

Edit.  Pretty disappointed with myself for going after her looks though-felt very immature after the fact. Going to just silently judge my brothers choices  from afar from now on (and to those saying I need to accept my brothers partner...lol no I don't)? I just won't be involved. I really did love my SIL and I really don't like how she was treated. And to those who followed me, lol why? I was on a roller coaster (I guess if you can consider it that), its one of those water rides that have tracks to pull it. Anyways, the boat fits like 6 people in it, and I was with a family of 5. I was in the back, and when we were going up to the top, they asked me to duck down as when we're going straight down there will be a photo and they wanted a family photo.

I'm not sure if its against the rules, I think I would've been safe if i did it, but I really just didn't want to and I felt like I shouldn't have to duck for them so I said no. The parents kept arguing with me telling me to duck so they can have their family photo and they called me a spoilt brat, I told them to go fuck themselves and then we started going down. This is where I may have been the asshole, I flipped off the camera and made a funny face with my tongue out.

Holy shit when they looked at the photos they were livid, saying I ruined their opportunity to have a nice family photo. They asked where my parents where and I told them to get lost. Their kids were just laughing their asses off. I'm not sure if they bought the photos or not. THe dude who operated the photos said I was immature and I need to grow up 

My eldest daughter has had a very snotty attitude towards me ever since she had her first child, just over 10 years ago. She was convinced from the start she knows exactly what she’s doing, and needs no help.

I learned quickly to keep unsolicited commentary to myself. Except to me, it’s a different story when they’re under my roof. I don’t think the rules should have to change to accommodate her & the grandkids. 

For example, this is the same house my kids grew up in. I’ve had the same rule since before they were all born: no shoes on the carpet. And yet, my daughter tells her children, right in front of me as I’m encouraging them to take their shoes off, to ignore me and go ahead inside. I put my arm out to stop one of the grandkids and said no, that’s not how we’re doing this. My daughter dramatically huffed & puffed but finally went along with it.

Until the next day. We have a good amount of snow on the ground here so of course the kids went out to enjoy that. So imagine my shock when I hear the front door and find my eldest grandchild, 10 years old, on the couch with his snowy, muddy, dripping boots and muddy prints all across the carpet. I was SO angry. Is he not old enough to know better??? I told him to go back out right now and take them off and then he can help me clean the prints. 

He actually apologized and was agreeable, but then his mom came in while we were cleaning and got mad. Her child had no business scrubbing floors and “handling cleaning products” (it was spot remover and he had gloves). I told her she had made it acceptable for him to disrespect my rules and this was the result. She mumbled something under her breath and left.

The last straw came last night. We were all watching a movie together when the 8 year old went to the bathroom and about 30 minutes later, I realized he hadn’t returned. I went to check on him and found he had ruined half of our Christmas Eve dinner that I had prepared in advance. He says he’d accidentally dropped the stuffing (which he’d poorly cleaned up, half was on the floor and half was in the trash can) and then his “snack” consisted of most of the mac & cheese and yams. We’d just had dinner 3 hours ago. 

I was so upset I was almost in tears. I just sent him to the guest room he’s staying in and told my daughter to look at what he did. What did she take away from it? That I sent him to his room. She, as always, reminded me that I’m not his parent and have no right to tell him what to do. I said someone needed to because he’d just single handedly ruined our holiday dinner and it was ridiculous. She snapped and told me I’m “an old hag trying to stay relevant.” I refused to tolerate any more disrespect and told her to leave, so she and the kids packed up, 8 o’clock at night, and left.

Now here we are, Christmas Eve morning, in an empty house. My husband is angry with me for causing them to leave and says it’s just a few days, I should’ve let it go.

Is he right? I do wish the kids were still here.**Thanks everyone for all the comments. I greatly appreciate it**



I do a majority of the housework, and I’m okay with this. I genuinely don’t mind it. My issue was not with wanting more help from him. It was just because I felt like he didn’t appreciate it. 


I’m a nurse who’s been working shifts that are longer than usual (no biggie). So when I got home there was a lot of dishes in the sink since I’ve just wanted to shower and sleep when I got home the past few days. 


And my husband says, “I’m not sure if you’ve been waiting for those dishes to do themselves, but spoiler alert, they’re not going to”. I told him “no they aren’t, so you better get on em”. He laughed and we moved on. I went to shower, came back and did the dishes.


He then says there’s something he needs to talk to me about, and he looked really serious. I thought he was gonna ask for a divorce or something. 


But he said something along the lines of, “honey, I know you’ve been working late this past week, and I understand you’ve got a lot on your plate at work. But I’ve had to eat cup of noodles and hot pockets these last few night”. So he basically told me I had been “slacking” and he was “paying the price for it”. I told him that he was perfectly capable of finding something else himself. And we argued a bit then made up.


But I decided to just stop doing chores or anything. And the house became a mess, he’s been whining about the TV dinners he’s been eating. And since I haven’t been grocery shopping we’re also getting low on those. He finally broke and apologized for not being more appreciative. He’s since changed his tune. 


But he told me that I was acting like a, “B-word for those few weeks”. I feel it was the only way to get him to be more appreciative though.


It lasted a few weeks. Not months. That was a typo. 


We both work full time


He’s been helping out more latelyPET TAX: [https://imgur.com/a/2H4PI4X](https://imgur.com/a/2H4PI4X)

Edit: I meant PRESSING CHARGES, not sue. Sorry for my wording mistake.

I don't speak English very fluently, so I apologize If what I wrote results confusing.

My dog, Maximo Tiberio, is a rescue dog. He has a lot of aggression problems. As a result, his vet recommended training him with a muzzle. The muzzle that my dog ​​wears is totally comfortable for him, it doesn't hurt him or anything. So far we have had very good results. I take my dog ​​to a dog park every Monday, along with my 11-year-old daughter.

I took my dog ​​to the dog park like I normally do, he was wearing the muzzle. I keep an eye on him, checking for signs of trouble.

Suddenly, I hear a girl cry, and my daughter is out of my field of vision, so I get worried. I tie Maximo up in an area specifically designated for that purpose, and I move no more than 15m away from him to search for my daughter. I find her (it was not her who was crying) and when I return for Maximo I see this girl running towards him, she takes him in her arms and runs back to her car. Max is visibly stressed but because of the muzzle he can't do anything. The park was almost empty, so there was no one around her to stop her and I couldn't reach her, but I took a picture of her from her license plate.

I went to the police station, there, they identified the owner of the car and sent a patrol to look for my dog. A day later, the police returns with the girl and Maximo, who was in a deplorable state, very nervous and anxious.

There, the girl explains to me that she took Maximo because she thinks I am abusing him and that she watches every Monday how he uses a muzzle against his will.

Regardless of her reasoning, no matter how noble she is, I decided that I would sue her anyway. The stress I felt, along with the state Maximo returned, is reason enough to sue her.

My sister has another opinion. She says that I am being a horrible person for suing someone that thought she was doing the right thing and that the girl took a risk to save a dog that she believed he was being abused, and that's admirable. Some of my friends agree with her. I still want to sue her, but I would like other perspective to see if I am in the wrong..A few nights ago my wife and I were woken up by the neighbors in the apartment above ours ***very*** explicitly and loudly trying to expand their family. They must have been going at it for an hour, and it was fairly frustrating as I had work the next day. 

After they were done I played an applause track through my Bluetooth speaker held up to the ceiling to try and make them aware of the relative thinness of the floor. 

I found out today that they have reported me to management for harassment. So Reddit, AITA?My friend is raising money to build an orphanage in his home country. He’s going to host an auction fund raiser and asked our friends if they had anything they could donate. I had an engagement ring that is very beautiful but holds painful memories for me. My ex and I broke up 3 years ago. I’ve contacted him multiple times in the past asking him to either take it, to give me his new address so I can send it to him or to agree to me selling it. He hasn’t responded to any of these requests so after 3 years I finally decided to get rid of it by donating it to the fund raiser.

I sent my ex one final warning that I was going to get rid of the ring which he ignored so I gave it to my friend. I even sent my ex a confirmation text to let him know I no longer had the ring, this was a few weeks ago and he never responded. 

On Saturday he showed up to my home looking furious. I was shocked to see him, and I kept asking him who gave him my address. I guess this annoyed him more because he told me that was a stupid question and demanded I give him the ring. I explained that I no longer had the ring and that I had given him plenty of opportunities over the last 3 years to collect it. He told me to get it back and I told him I couldn’t. He asked me if I had any idea how much that ring was worth and reminded me it was his grandmother’s. I told him if the ring was so important to him that he should’ve responded to my messages or came to collect it since he obviously knew where I lived. He told me he gave it to me *because* it was so important, but if he had known t I would be so spiteful to give it away he would've come back for it. We kept arguing and he told me I would regret it if I didn’t get the ring back to him by the end of the week. I told him if he wanted it back so badly, he should bid on it because it was too late. He eventually left after telling me I had a week to get the ring back “or else”. 

Obviously, he thinks I’m an AH and after speaking to my sister he might be right, but I gave him plenty of opportunities to take the ring back and if it was that important to him, he would’ve. He also can 100% afford to bid and win it back, so I don’t feel as bad about refusing to ask for it back since his money will go to a worthy cause.  

AITA?Yesterday, I had bit of an altercation with my wife. I work from home, and always have since before the pandemic. I and my family live in an older Victorian era home on the east coast. I and my wife bought it almost 20 years ago for below market price, and boy was it a fixer upper. Eventually we repaired it as much as reasonable. 

One room was a proper study, complete with gorgeous built in book shelves, and centuries old furniture. I promptly made this my office for my bussiness. 

Time passed, we now have a family together. Here comes the conflicts. 

1. We currently have 3 children. 16m, 8f, and 6f. I don't want the two youngest ones to come in my study. Mostly because I often paint models and have many fragile art prices in their, and I honestly don't trust my youngest to keep their hands to themselves. This resulted in accusations of sexism from my wife, who said I have always allowed my boy In with me. I told her that's not the case, and that I only let him in when he was around 11or 12 years old. 

2. After said conflict, she now insists on calling my office my "man cave". I really don't like this title. It implies that this room exists purely for my pleasure. An implication that is false, it is where I do my work. I communicated this to her and she bassicly told me to stop being so sensitive.

I can't help but see my self as reasonable, so I thought I'd ask reddit.My husband is deployed overseas and I have a newborn and my 3 year old niece over here by myself. (I am taking care of her as my older sister is incarcerated). I have no family or friends around here to help me or give me a break. I’m already doing my part and then some. I’m utterly exhausted and have NO sleep schedule/routine for myself as the kids (especially the newborn) are expectedly demanding. To the point where I feel I’m going to throw up if I don’t get rest when I can.

My husband met somebody overseas who is stationed at our base. He says his wife lives here, is pregnant, ill (he says mental illness like severe PTSD/anxiety), and cannot drive herself anywhere. He volunteered me to drive her around to her early AM appointments without asking me first. He loves helping people. I get it. But that’s where I’m like “what about me?”

When he called me and told me about it I said “no.” I physically cannot put in the extra work to take care of another human being (especially an adult whom I do not know) and he got upset with me because he already told his mate that I could help them. I can’t. I genuinely cannot unless they want me to lose what little sanity I have left. I told him this but he doesn’t seem to think that I’m having that hard of a time and could easily help somebody out in need. I am running on fumes and figured out how to manage with what I have. The extra work could quite literally break me.

He thinks I’m being extremely insensitive and how would I feel if I needed help but there was nobody there to help me. I told him I needed help myself but he thinks I’m being overdramatic. The mate is now disappointed and the wife has nobody to bring her to her appointment early in the morning.

AITA?[removed]Basically a couple months ago my (f19) sister (30) was telling my mom she had a really tight budget for her wedding and couldn’t afford the big wedding she had dreamt for. So I offered to help her find cheaper alternatives to the decorations she wanted. She asked if i could make the bridesmaids custom baskets and robes with their names on it for less than half of what i charge because she couldn’t find someone who could make it for a cheap enough price so i agreed. Eventually she managed to save a lot and was able to get the dress she originally wanted. I figured everything else was fine until last week. My sister decided she did not want kids at her wedding because she wanted the adults to enjoy themselves and drink. I still thought nothing of the sudden change until she told me i was no longer invited to her wedding. When i asked her why she said because i was to be considered a “kid” since i can’t drink. She said i was still invited to the wedding rehearsal but that’s it. I told her since i wasn’t invited to the wedding to find someone else to do the custom robes + gift baskets or pay me full price for it. This meant she would have to return her dress because everything else she had for the wedding was already the cheapest she could find. Both my mom and dad says i’m being petty and i should still do it because shes my sister. Her fiancé has also called me self centered and childish and my brother agreed with him. Am i the asshole here?

edit- some people suggested she uninvited me for a different reason but we haven’t had any arguments in a while and the last “big” argument was last year so i don’t see what i could’ve done to make her uninvite me. but thank you guys for the comments. also i live in america so i legally cant drink for another 2 years but i didn’t have a problem with not drinking anyways

also adding i was invited, i didnt assume i could go. she was there when i bought my dress.

Last thing i wanna add, my sister told me there’s nothing else to it she just doesn’t want me to be there since i wouldn’t be drinking but she invited my cousin (whos 20) so she just hates me i guess i really don’t know. But thank y’all for the comments, the awards, and for the eye opener!