throwaway for privacy.



My wife (23) and I (27) are expexting. She's due this month and things have been bit intense recently with her being extra hormonal.


We live in different state then my family. My wife and I couldn't visit for Christmas. my parents were calling to continue complaining about us not spending Christmas with them and demanded I make it up for them. I said I was open for any suggestions they had and they suggested they come stay with us for a week once the baby is born. That way they could spend time with us and the baby as well. I thought why not that seemed to be a pretty good suggestion since it's been months since we've seen each others so I told them to go ahead and made the invitation Official. This morning my wife was talking about her plans once the baby is here and that's when I remembered my conversation with my parents. I immediately told her that I agreed to let them over for a week once the baby is born to make up for the holiday we missed with them. She first looked shocked then freaked out at me saying I shouldn't have invited them just like that without talking to her first. I asked why not since she loves them and loves being around them but she explained that my family can be a lot of work and having them as guests while caretaking for a newborn is the last thing she wanted. I told her it was no big deal besides that we could use help if she thought about this way but she lashed out on me about how the first few days of the baby's life is essential time for bonding and being intimate and I just took that away from her by inviting my parents and invading her space. I argued that she was being melodramatic right then because my family are decent people and I'm pretty sure they'll make this experience a lot more warmer but she still disagreed and said if my family were decent then they wouldn't have accepted my invitation but I clarified to her that I did NOT invitem and this was in fact a suggested made by them and I just agreed AFTER they complained about me missing spending the holidays with them. She went off on me demanding I call them and cancel everything I planned with them but I thought that was unacceptable since she gave not a good-enough reason for me to do that and besides my parents can help but she still denied that being true.

She's gone radio silence for the rest of the day and is acting like my family are somehow making her uncomfortable though they're not the judgemental or intrusive type and are just about spending time with each others. AITA?


Hold on! #Edit few things so there's no misunderstanding here. Alright?

First of all my wife doesn't normally have an issue with my family being around, they all get along pretty good. and second of all which is an important info my wife and I talked about having her directly speak to them about why she would rather postpone their visit so we could clear the air but she refused and said she doesn't want to ruin her relationship with them and asked me to do it (tell them not to come) but since my family are upset with me then me telling them not to come might be taken in an offensive way, you know what I'm saying? so it really feels like I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.

also, to all the people saying that my wife shouldn't be hosting guests. I don't recall mentioning this nor expecting her to do anything for the family. matter of fact I really thought we could maybe use their help especially my mom.AITA For unpacking my girlfriend’s towel. 

I (31M) and my gf (25F) have been dating for about 2 years. 

My GF has beautiful hair that seems a lot more low maintenance than most women I know. She doesn’t use all a hundred different hair products, nor does she blow dry it. It honestly doesn’t take her long to style her hair or anything. However, she always insist on using this special towel to dry her hair. 

She insists that she can’t use any regular towel for her hair. She gets mad if I use her hair towel as a regular towel too. She says that the towel should only be used for hair. She even bought an extra one of these towels that she keeps in her drawer at my place. She also takes the towel with her when she goes on vacation. 

I usually don’t mind it, since the towel doesn’t take up much space, and it better than listening to a hair dryer all the time. But it’s a bit weird because I don’t know anyone else who has a towel just for their hair. 

For Thanksgiving, we travelled to see my family. Before the trip, I asked my GF to leave her towel at home since we’ll be staying at my parents’ house. I didn’t want my family to think she was weird or make fun of her. 

Since we planned to leave early in the morning, GF spent the night at my place. I noticed that she packed the towel she kept at my place in her suitcase. When she was asleep, I took the towel out. She didn’t notice the towel was gone until after we got to my parent’s house. 

I thought it was okay, and my GF didn’t seem mad at all during the whole trip. However, when we got back at my place, my GF got into her car and drove off without saying goodbye. She texted me later saying she’s mad at me because of that stupid towel and she needs some space. I keep calling and texting her, but she won’t respond. 

My friends think she’s being overly dramatic, but my GF isn’t that type of person. Now I’m wondering if I messed up. AITAI 33M recently got hired at a large company in the south where me and my wife moved months ago.

My wife was excited for my new job and talked about preparing a surprise for me which got me excited but I didn't what it was til she showed up at my workplace 2 days ago with a meal she said she prepared specifically for me since it's my favorite. Apparently this was her surprise. I was little upset she brought it to my workplace. My co workers who are vicious and brutally honest and sarcastic got involved and kept teasing me about the meal. one of them "Austin" joked about how "mommy" is so supportive by bringing food to my workplace. I felt like shit as he and other co workers kept laughing at me.

I went to work the next day and Austin
kept making jokes about me saying shit like "is mommy going to bring lunch today as well?" And "When is mommy coming to change your diaper?" And some other shit. one of them who's someone I don't know well said "oh you guys I can still smell the meal (my name's) mom brought yesterday. She's such great cook bless her heart!" And the goddamned giggles kept on.

I felt so awful I went home and just blew up at my wife telling her she flatout fucking embarrassed me and just torpedoed any goddamned prestige and respect I had among my co workers. I told her what Austin and others have been doing and asked if she was happy for giving him emmo to come at me like that. She argued that she was just trying to do something nice for me and didn't care about what people might say but I was a selfish jerk who only cares about what others think rather than how she felt by my constant berating over a meal she put effort money and time to make and bring to me. The argument escalated after I suggested that she could've waited til I got home to surprise me with this goddamned meal instead of showing up while I was working which made me seem unprofessional. she said she came during lunch break but I was still working during lunch break. She said at this point I clearly find it easier to blame her than stand up for myself against those childish bullies. I said I didn't appreciate what she said but she replied that I should be grateful she cared enough to bring me a home cooked meal then thanked me for showing her it's not worth wasting anymore of her time cooking for me after this. I told her to stop blaming me for something she caused and asked her to admit that maybe she should've consulted me before bringing the meal over so I could avoid being the goddamned butt of every joke my co workers told. I don't even know how long this is going to last. She told me to man up and either report them or quit then. I was floored by what she said I had to walk out becuase I couldn't take anymore of this and felt like she wasn't listening to how her behavior caused me an issue at work.

Edit to say that I in no way don't appreciate my wife's effort but the only problem I have is that she didn't tell me beforehand about wether it was okay to bring the meal over to my workplace. I really prefered that she waited til I got home or we could've gone out later to eat. I agree that the main problem I have is my co workers but I lashed out because I felt overwhelmed with their hurtful remarks that offended my wife as well.

hey guys! So, a bit of context I (M32) have been with my wife (F30) for 3 years. she comes from a country where women get to keep their maiden name after marriage which was fine with me though as someone who comes from the south my family pushed for my wife to take my last name but she ended up keeping hers which made my family somewhat unhappy saying it was disrespectful of her to keep her maiden name but thankfully they got over it and things got better and we reconciled later.


now this "last name" issue has been brought up again when my wife and I found out we were expecting a baby boy.
I sat with my wife down and told her that my son is going to get my last name and explained so that there's no confusion but she disagreed and said no and came up with a compromise which was that our son gets both our last names but I declined explaining how awkward and confusing and just complicated that would be. not too mention the middle name so that would be a long name but she said I should consider since my last name will still be there but I said no and told her we'll just have to go with what most families here do and is going by the father's last name. she threw a fit calling me selfish and accused me of treating her as if she as a mother gets less or no say but I reminded her that she got to keep her maiden name and so we're even. she then argued that I was mixing two things that are unrelated and was holding the fact she got to keep her maiden over her head though it was her right to do that same with deciding what surname our son will have. I said I was sorry but I can not accept this compromise especially with how my family will react and told her she should just go with the flow and agree on my son having my last name. she got upset and refused to talk to me after that calling me selfish and a dictator and a "minion" for my family even though I'm just looking out for our son's best intetest and keeping them in mind.

I just think she's being deliberately stubborn here. but I'm not sure. Aita?


EDIT Jesus, whoah guys..there is just way too many responses here man and I won't be able to respond to all of them BUT I've got a couple of things to say and I'm adding them here for everyone to see.


ONE - Just to be perfectly clear here I did NOT have an issue with my wife keeping her last name. in fact I encouraged her to stick to it after my family started giving us grief about it.

And TWO - The main reason I was initially against using both names is the fact that our son might end up having a very long name as a full name.that's it. I have nothing against my wife's last name. I respect it I respect her family (they seem sane and levelheaded) and I appreciate them a lot. but as two blended families with two different backgrounds we kinda...we tend to disagree sometimes.[removed][removed][removed]I (17m) have two sisters, Alice (29) and Miranda (33). I am much closer to Alice than I am to Miranda. Miranda is also not on good terms with our parents. Alice has four kids and is currently expecting child number five, while Miranda can’t have children which her ex divorced her for. Miranda is very successful in life, she has a nice apartment, works a good job and earns a decent amount of money. Alice, on the other hand, is struggling financially. She had her first kid right out of high school and got pregnant with her second child soon after, so she decided to become a SAHM to her children while her boyfriend provides for them.

Me and my parents try to help them out as much as possible, be it childcare or money, whatever she needs. I love my nieces and nephews. I take them to the park and play with the older ones, I really enjoy it. Miranda doesn’t help out with them, she says it’s because she’s too busy. Well, she works long hours, but she doesn’t have kids, so I don’t know what she does on weekends. She also doesn’t help out financially, which I find unfair, since she makes so much money and all she does is spend it on herself, although she does give us very nice gifts for Christmas and birthdays. My parents nag her about it, saying she should give some of her money to Alice monthly, and I agree with that.

So, here comes the part where I may have been an asshole. I was at Miranda’s place last week, as she baked muffins and invited me over to eat some and catch up. We got on the topic of Christmas presents and I told her some of the stuff I wanted. She nodded and said she would give our parents a coupon for a much needed vacation and Alice some clothes she had mentioned and also some new boots and jackets for her kids. I was a little stunned she didn’t have more for Alice, so I asked, “Why do you only get Alice the bare minimum? You can afford to help out more and you refuse to out of spite.”

Miranda looked at me and laughed. She said it wasn’t her business to feed six people, that Alice was old enough to make her choices and live with the consequences. She knew what she was getting herself into and that she wouldn’t pay Alice’s way through life just because she kept having children she couldn’t afford.

I was stunned at how cold she reacted. I asked her how she could live her life being so selfish and uncaring, and she got angry and told me, “Listen, kid, there are some thing you are way too young for to be discussing with me, and this is one of those. Drop the subject or get out.” I got really frustrated with her and said something I probably shouldn’t have. I told her, “No wonder your husband divorced you, even if you could have children, you would be a terrible mother.” Miranda got very quiet and told me to leave and never come back.

She has now blocked me on everything, and though I don’t agree with her not helping out, I’m starting to feel guilty for what I said. So, AITA?I(33f) have been dating a man, “Alex”(34m) for almost 3 years. Alex has a 13 year old daughter from a previous marriage that he has full custody of. 

When we met Alex was doing very well, he made 6 figures and he had a decent house in a fine neighborhood. I had a slightly lower paying job.  Almost a year and a half ago, his job had to cut some employees and he was one of them. He had to take on a job and he earned much less than he had before. 

I moved into their house 5 months ago. Since I moved in I have helped a lot with the bills, usually half or more of them. 

Yesterday was my birthday. I wanted to celebrate at a nice restaurant near us, however it was closed. There was another one a little closer to us, although it was more expensive. I suggested going there for my birthday to Alex, and he said that he couldn't afford to pay for dinner there and if we went we would need to split the bill. I was a little upset but he said he would make something himself. 

The cake I wanted was, admittedly, somewhat expensive. I pointed it out to him, and he said again that he didn't think he could afford it with Christmas coming up and we'd have to go half. I told him I wasn't paying for a cake for my own birthday, and he said he'd see what he could do. 

Well, yesterday came. He made dinner, and it was quite good, better than most meals we eat, although not as good as what it would be at a restaurant. However, when he brought the cake out it was just something he had made himself. 

He said he was sorry he couldn't afford the nicer cake but he had made this one and his daughter had helped. 

I pretended to enjoy it but after I told him that I was hoping for a slightly nicer cake. He said he had tried his best and he couldn't spend the money he had set aside for bills on a cake. 

I guess his daughter heard because now he's also saying that I made her upset after she helped make it. 

He keeps saying I should apologize to her and say that I really liked it. 

AITA?Hello there, I’m currently typing this from my car, after my wife has told me she doesn’t want me near her right now. Hoping this thread will be a wake up call to her.

My wife (F33) is a big nerd, which I normally appreciate, but she is taking things way too far today. She took today off of work, so she could be up at 4AM to play her online game at launch. I didn’t wake up until about an hour ago (10:30, and she was still playing. I mentioned that I was
Hungry, hoping we could make breakfast together , which we like to do together. She instead said that I should “order us something from doordash, im in the middle of a dungeon and may be a while.” I didn’t really wanna get takeout, because we had already discussed ordering pizza tonight for dinner, and that’s a lot of take out food in one day. I calmly explained this, and she got pissed and shrieked at me that she just wanted one weekend to focus on her video game. I said that it was unfair to our family for her to isolate all weekend, and she got even more mad, telling me that I have two hands and can feed the goddamn cat. I was in tears at this point, and I did raise my voice and said that I was worried she’s obsessed with this game and maybe she needs professional help. She threw her car keys at me and said that I need to get out of her face, that she’s works all the time and doesn’t ask for much, and I need to leave her be and get out of her face for a few hours.

I am truly concerned that she has become obsessed with this online game, and I’m hoping that maybe reading this thread will wake her up to it, but I might’ve been the AH too.

Edit: some additional info I forgot: ir isn’t just today, for the last few weeks she’s been hyping herself up for this. When the game got delayed, she MOVED HER VACATION time rather than just keep her previous day off and spend it with me. She’s been absolutely freaking out about this game and I don’t understand it and it scares me.

2 weeks ago my son [Ethan, 27]and his wife [Jess, 30] bought a small one story house in the town we live in. After settling down they invited us for a small party for the occasion.

We sat for dinner and talked about the house a bit. Me, my husband and Jess continued conversing after Ethan excused himself to take an important call. Jess showed me the original key to the house and I asked if she made copies yet and she said no. I said she should and also give one copy to me as well. She looked at me funny and asked why she should. I explained that it is necessary so that it could be used in emergencies. she rudely said "I don't know what kind of an emergency that would require you having a key to our house, sure won't be a fire incident!". She obviously didn't seem to have any idea that a fire incident wasn't what I meant and I got offended by her sarcasm. I pointed out that it's not just her decision because this is my son's house as well. She smiled at me trying to be polite and stated that only the ones who contributed towards the house get a copy and that I really don't need one anyway. Also assured me that my son will have the same answer for me. Basically saying "Don't bother bring this up with Ethan, he'll tell you the same thing" but I did and she spoke on his behalf the entire argument repeating what she said over and over. Things escalated to her calling me pushy and me telling her she was being unnecessarily rude and disrespectful .

My husband and I left in a rush and I felt horrible. My husband went on and on about how paranoid and controlling I was to basically be "demanding" a copy of the key to the new house but again I stated that I was just trying to be helpful and taking extra precautions since anything could happen but he insisted I overstepped and ruined Ethan's and Jess's joy for their new house as well as dinner.

I genuienly do not think what I said was out of line and I'm not sure why Jess reacted so intensely. I think my request was innocent.[removed][removed]This is literally really stupid but she's really upset about it. So my (48) daughter (23) has a blue tongue skink who she heavily adores. She jokingly refers to it as her daughter, I've found it weird but she says it's because it's the closest thing she'd have to a child and she feels a strong emotional bond similar to a child. She has decided to remain child free for multiple reasons and I have been very supportive of this decision.

Well she recently took her Skink to the vet for a checkup and she was excited to find out her Skinks gender. Afterwards I got a text asking if I'd come to her gender reveal party she was having. She explained it was just a small get together with cake and food for her friends she hasn't seen in a while with the gender reveal being mostly a joke (and a way to make fun of real gender reveals).

Well I didn't come. I didn't see a point. It's just a lizard and I'm a busy person. She later called me and expressed she was kind of sad I didn't come cuz it'd been a while since I'd seen her but she understood I was busy. I told her she couldn't actually expect me to come to a gender reveal for a lizard. She said that it wasn't a real gender reveal, that was more of a joke and it was really just a small gathering to catch up with everyone. I told her if that was the case she should've just called it a gathering because I'm not coming to a gender reveal unless it's for a real grand daughter.

She got quiet for a minute and then turned my words around, claiming I wasn't supportive of her decision to be childfree. I told her she can't possibly expect me to treat a lizard as a grand daughter, she said she didn't expect me too but it was clear I didn't respect her bond with her lizard and her decision, and she just wanted to see me and my reason for coming was hurtful. I told her she was being ridiculous over a lizard, she claimed it wasn't over the lizard and it was a gathering and not even centered around the lizard, but I stick by to what I said. It's ridiculous to have a gender reveal for a lizard.

She hung up and I got a message from her best friend about how I'm an asshole for treating her that way, but I don't think I'm the asshole for not wanting to go to a party for a lizard?  


EDIT: In the time I was away I got many replies and it was a lot to read through. Let me clear a couple things up.

1. My issue is that she said the party was a gender reveal, if she had called it just a party I would have come. But calling it a gender reveal makes it sound like it's for the lizard, and I'm not going to that even if it is a "joke". 
2. I don't know why it matters but the Skink is a girl which is why I said "I'm not coming to a gender reveal unless it's for a real grand daughter." 
3. Even though I don't agree with my daughter for being childfree, I have been supportive and only shown mild frustration. The reasons she decided to be childfree is she claims she's asexual, she just doesn't want one, she has emotional baggage and feels unable to care for a real child, she fears pregnancy, and she has a carrier gene like me and "doesn't want to go through what I did" (I had 4 miscarriages and a highly defect child that died after 3 months due to the gene). Yes there has been slight tension between us because I think she just hasn't found the right man (she never dated growing up) and her other fears are unnecessarily exaggerated, but it's ultimately her decision and I don't resent her.
4. We haven't seen each other in three months. I'm a single mother and we have always been close which is why she invited me with her friends, I just didn't want to go to a party with a lizard, and if it wasn't for the lizard she should've called it a party instead of a gender reveal.[removed]My girlfriend (22F) and I (26M) have been together for almost 4 years and live together. 
She has a stable career and has bought herself a car and was taught to drive in high school. 

I was never taught to drive, and it’s not really necessary because I can uber, take the bus, or my girlfriend can drive. She’s offered before to teach me to drive, but I decline because I’m not really interested in learning because I don’t plan on getting a car since they’re a lot of money. 

So, my birthday was yesterday and my girlfriend was really excited to give me my gift. It was private driving lessons, which admittedly cost her several hundred dollars. I was really offended because I don’t want to learn to drive. She hyped the gift up like I’d love it, but I honestly hate it. It seems more like it’s for her because she wants me to learn to drive, than it is for me. 

I got really upset and disappointed when I opened it and she kept pushing to ask why I didn’t like it. I told her again that I don’t care for driving and it seemed like a really impersonal gift, because I don’t even want my license or a car so why would I want this? I felt like she doesn’t even know me. And she got really upset so I suggested she return the lessons and get me something I would like better. 

Now she’s calling me an AH and said the lessons are non-refundable, and is really upset with me. I don’t think I’m the AH because I’ve told her before that I don’t want to drive and I feel like she’s trying to change me. So now she’s being immature and won’t drive me anywhere and tells me I can uber if I want to go somewhere, even if it’s somewhere she was going to go already. Like she went thrifting and to the grocery store without me (we always go together) and said if I really wanted to go that badly, I can uber. 

It’s not even like I ask her for rides ever, I just tag along if she’s already going somewhere. I get uber’s to and from work and have a good job. So it’s pointless for me to even get a car or license. 

When I told her that she said that she’s tired of always being the driver and likes to be the passenger sometimes, but to me it sounds like she gave me a gift that *she* wants. Because if she hates being the driver so much, I suggested that I could get lessons for *her* birthday, not mine, and that upset her even more. She said that isn’t a gift for her and she’d be upset if I got myself driving lessons for her birthday. I told her basically “see, so you’d be upset if I got you something that you think is for me for YOUR birthday” and she said yes. So even though I explained to her there’s a double standard, she’s still insisting that I’m the AH.[removed]I f39 have been with my boyfriend for 4 years. I have a bio son 16 year old son as well as 2 step kids (11 & 13).

My son has been complaining about his younger stepsiblings entering his room and taking his things constantly and without asking. I tried disccusing this with the boys and my boyfriend punished the boys and told them to ask first before taking anything and return it if taken but my son said they haven't listened and things went back to how they were.

Few days ago my son came downstairs saying his older stepbrother broke his controller and put it back and told him he returned it like his dad told him but the controller was broken. I again went to my boyfriend with this issue and had my son sit and talk directly to him. My son asked him if he could just get a lock for his room to resolve this issue but my boyfriend didn't welcome the idea and told him no because locks bring troubles to his house but my son tried to convince him and assured him that he won't use the lock when he's home but only when he's at school or working. My boyfriend still said no and then told him "no lock until you're 18, period, no more discussion". Thing is my son will still be living with us because he decided to go to a community college and my boyfriend told him when he reaches 18 that is when he gets to get a lock and start paying rent and no one will bother him. My son begged me to say something since he couldn't take it anymore after his controller was broken but I agreed with my boyfriend that as the owner of the house he gets final say and no lock means no luck. however, the boys will be facing stricter punishments to enforce the "no touching others stuff" rule but my son was having none of it and started yelling at me and my boyfriend saying his stepbrothers will never respect his privacy and his stuff nomatter how hard their punshement is since they never learn and are stubborn and will always do what they want. He picked an argument with my boyfriend after my boyfriend said he'll pay for the controller and then my son called me awful for siding with him and refusing to see the blatant injustice in this house and told us he's reconsidering staying with us after 18.

He keeps saying I'm not on his side cause if I was I'd be encouraging him set boundaries and protect his stuff that he buys with his own money. I reminded him of how much my boyfriend helped us (we lost our apartment to debts and my boyfriend took us in 2 years ago we had nowhere to go) and let him know he's doing his best to hold the boys accountable.About ten years ago, a close friend of our daughter's came out as gay. This friend in particular slept over at our house so much that she was almost like a daughter to us. We even had a separate bed in our daughter's bedroom just for her. When we found out she was gay, our husband and I had a discussion about whether we should continue to let her sleep in our daughter's bedroom, or if we should move her to the guest bedroom. We were hesitant, but we had a conversation with our daughter, who was 17 at the time, and she told us that even if her friend tried anything, she would shut it down because she was straight. It made sense, we believed our daughter was trustworthy and responsible, and so we allowed the friend to continue sleeping in her room. 

Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. They finished senior year and went off to college. We never suspected anything. Everytime they would come home for the holidays, my daughter brought a boy with her and my daughter's friend brought a girl with her. Come to find out, that the boy we thought our daughter was dating was actually dating the girl that we thought our daughter's friend was dating. 

And the way we found out is because one day I get an invitation in the mail. To a wedding. For our daughter. And her friend. I was so confused. I called my daughter, thinking there had been some type of typo or something. No answer. I call the friend and I can barely ask, "What's going on?" before the friend breaks down crying and confesses that her and my daughter have *been in a relationship for a decade*, which was around the time we agreed to let her sleep in our daughter's room. 

My husband and I felt - *feel* -  so betrayed. Our daughter gets on the phone and says, "Mom, Dad, I know you're upset and I promise we'll talk after the wedding and I'll explain everything." 

I said, "Okay, we'll talk after the wedding." I hang up. The next day she calls me. I pick up and say, "Why are you calling me? I thought you didn't want to talk until after the wedding." She said, "We are, but I wanted to know what times you're available so we could go get measured for our dresses." 

And I said, "What do you mean 'we'? You don't that your father and I are going to your wedding, do you? You lied to us for ten years. For no reason. And you expect us to just automatically disregard that? We'll talk *after* the wedding." 

I haven't spoken to my daughter since then and the wedding is sometime this month. My husband and I have been getting a lot of calls from family members on botj sides telling us that we're being "selfish" for ruining our daughter's special day over something that "happened ten years ago."I have 4 children and I'm pretty easygoing, they don't have a lot of rules they have to abide by, it's simple, be respectful, do your chores, and for the 2 teenagers (15&16) be back before 10 pm. 

My 16 year old son came home at 11 last night when the house was already locked up after missing about 10 calls from me. He knocked to get in and I just called him back and told him he could sleep in the tree house and that there were already blankets up there and hopefully this would be a lesson to stick to curfew. He was apparently on a date with someone (whom we haven't met) and didn't realize his phone was set an hour behind. To me, that's all excuses, I told him he had the rest of the night in the cubby to reset his time and we'd see him in the morning. 

I opened the door at 6, nice and early and he came in and went to bed, slept until lunch time, holding his siblings up from opening their gifts because we do it all together as a family. He thanked everyone for his gifts and went back to sleep after lunch. 

My husband said I completely over reacted, it was an honest mistake and he's exhausted from not being able to sleep in the tree house, he would have been able to, it was warm enough and I put enough bedding up there. Still, my husband says it was a complete AH move.   


AITA?[removed][removed]

Hello.

I'm (40s) a father of 2 kids (son 14 and daughter 16). I recently got married to my wife Molly who is a great cook and she has been cooking for me and the kids in the past few months. However my daughter doesn't like all the meals Molly cooks and sometimes cooks her own dinners. Molly as a result would get hurt thinking her food isn't good enough. She confined in me about how much it bothers her to see my daughter decline her food and cook by herself. I've talked to my daughter to address the issue and she said she appreciates Molly's cooking but naturally can not be expected to eat everything she cooks. I asked her to be more considerate and try to take a few bites here and there whenever Molly cooks to avoid conflict since she's very sensitive. my daughter just noded and I thought that was the end of it.


Last night I got home from a dinner meeting with few co workers and found Molly arguing with my daughter. I asked what's going on and Molly told me my daughter said no to dinner she cooked and went into the kitchen to prepare her own dinner as if Molly's food was less then. I asked my daughter to come out the kitchen and please sit at the table and eat at least some of her stepmom cooked but she refused saying she's old enough not to eat food she doesn't like and pretend to like it just like I wanted her to, to appease her stepmom. I told her she was acting rude and had her turn the oven off and told her no cooking for her tonight and asked her to go to her room to think about this encounter then come back to talk but she started arguing that is when I punished her by taking away her thanksgiving gift that her mom left with me (we both paid for it) and she started crying saying it was too much and that she didn't understand why she was being punished. Again, I asked her to go to her room to cool off but she called my inlaws (her uncle and aunt) who picked a huge argument with me over the phone saying my daughter is old enough to cook her own meals and my wife should get over herself and stop picking on my daughter but Molly explained she just wants to make sure my daughter eats well and that she cares otherwise it wouldn't hurt so bad. My inlaws told me to back out of the punishment but in my opinion this was more than an issue about dinner and I refused to let them intervene and hung up.

My daughter has been completely silent and refuses to come downstairs.


To clarify the gift which is an Iphone was supposed to be for my daughter's birthday 2 months ago but due to circumstances we couldn't celebrate nor have time to get her a gift so her mom wanted her to have it on thanksgiving.[deleted]On mobile so formatting might be off. 

I’m 19F and I’ve been a picky eater my entire life. I don’t have any dietary restrictions that I know of but I usually hate most things I eat. My family went out to a hibachi restaurant and forced me to come with them. 

Normally my mom will buy me fast food when we go out to dinner but she didn’t stop this time because we were running late and advised me to just get the hibachi chicken and I’ll live. I complained that I’d hate it and my mom said I should try it because I might like it and because she’d been letting me live off chicken nuggets and instant ramen for too long but I really really don’t like most other foods. So I had some Burger King delivered to the hibachi place and ate it while the rest of my family enjoyed their hibachi.

Everyone in the restaurant looked at me funny but I didn’t care and just enjoyed my chicken fries. When we got home my mom said I embarrassed them in the restaurant by getting fast food delivered. But she didn’t stop for me and I paid for the delivery myself. AITA?

EDIT: No I’m not autistic and I don’t have any sensory issues. I literally just don’t like most food.

EDIT 2: OK OK I get it I'm TA here, you don't have to DM me just to tell me that. Stop.

EDIT 3: I’ve never used 4chan in my life, so if you’re coming here from the post on r/greentext, that was not me.My partner and I have a five week old baby who is exclusively breastfed. He will wake up three to four times a night to nurse for 20-40 minutes per time. 

My argument is that she's already awake to nurse, so she should do the diaper changes too. I have offered to do half the diaper changes, but that's not enough for her.

My partner thinks that I should do all the nighttime diaper changes since she's breastfeeding. Her argument is that since she's nursing day and night, it's only fair. She says she needs time to go to the bathroom, drink water, etc, while I am changing the diaper. In her view: I am often grouchy, need to be asked multiple times to get up, and sometimes argue if he even needs to be changed. 

Relevant information: We are both on parental leave now, and when I go back to work in construction, I need a full 8 hours' sleep. She will be on leave for the next 18 months. We go to bed at 9 pm, and I get up with our dogs at 6 am and she's up with the baby an hour or two later.

So Reddit, am I the asshole?[removed][removed]I’ve (26 M) been with my girlfriend (26 F) for 4 years and we’ve recently been talking more and more about marriage.

Although my GF grew up relatively well off, for the time I’ve known her she’s been pretty low maintenance. She’s never cared about designer brands, rarely buys new clothes, and the jewellery she owns was gifted to her. I have a decent job now (80k a year) and I’ve been saving for awhile, but growing up my family didn’t have a lot of money. My GF and I have always seemed to be on the same page when it comes to saving money. I assumed she would be fine with a more affordable ring. When I started looking into rings, I discovered moissanite rings, which look similar to diamond rings but are much more affordable. I was looking at rings in the 1500 -1800 range.

When I mentioned this to her she insisted she wanted a real diamond ring and sent me links to a bunch of diamond rings that she liked. The prices ranged from 6,500-10,000. I told her that I wasn’t willing to spend that much. She seemed genuinely mad and said it wasn’t “that expensive” We got in a pretty big argument over it. I told her that it was ridiculous to ask me to spend that much and that I thought she was more reasonable than that. She said I was being cheap and that I could afford it and that I was basically saying she wasn’t worth it. I told her no one is worth a 10,000 ring...

Eventually my GF said she didn’t care and that I should get whatever ring I want but she’s clearly still mad and I know this is going to be a an ongoing argument. I’m a bit frustrated because this seems out of left field. I’ve always known marriage is super important to her but I didn’t realize she’d insist on a diamond ring.

So I talked to my older sister about it, who despite agreeing diamond rings were stupidly priced, sided with my GF and said if I could afford it, she didn’t see the big deal. She added that my GF has done “so much” for me and I was being an asshole about this.

What my sister means by my GF “doing so much for me" is that she was really supportive when I was in a serious car accident 4 years ago. I broke multiple bones and required a few surgeries. Although where I live most healthcare is covered, I was unable to work for awhile and had expenses I wasn’t able to pay. I had been dating my GF for only 6 months at the time and she was really there for me. I couldn’t pay my rent so she let me move in with her for free and helped pay for a few expenses and for physical therapy I needed. She also helped me get a job with her uncle who was the VP of an insurance company (It was an entry level position and I had a business degree so it’s not like I was unqualified).

Obviously I’ve thanked her for all she did for me but it’s not something we talk about much. I don't think I’m obligated to buy an expensive ring because she helped me out a few years ago. But if my own sister said this I’m guessing my GF must feel the way as well. AITA here?

Edit: This post got way more attention then I expected. I've definitely reconsidered my stance. I'm going to talk about this more with her. Thanks for all your help. Edit #3 - Don’t steal this and send it through a TTS or make a video on it for YouTube likes, you animals.

Edit #2 - this is only the second edit. Not sure where everyone is getting the narrative that I ever mentioned anything about an eating disorder. That never happened. Nor do I understand how it’s hard to understand that we pulled her from therapy for lying to her therapist that she had an imaginary friend. Therapy won’t help if you lie, or exaggerate to their own entertainment. 

My daughter is 24 *now*. The concussion and graduation was years ago. The argument was around a week ago. 

I see people calling me tiger mom. If it makes me a tiger mom to expect my daughter do and turn in her work and keep up with her classes, sure. But also we’re white. 

I’m also disgusted by everyone saying I hate my daughter. She is the light of my life. I gave up everything for her *happily*. I moved because she deserved better opportunities in MA than in NC, leaving behind my parents that we both loved. I’m frustrated, yes, and I’m not perfect, but she is my first and only baby. I’ve loved her since I first found out I was pregnant, since I first met her, felt her. Yes, I’m frustrated. Incredibly frustrated. I grew tired of being the bad guy and having my love be spat in my face, and when she moved out I got tired of her spinning the narrative to strangers and family alike. This may show in my responses as “dripping with contempt”. 

We never placed her in therapy again, no, and not just for her lying to her childhood therapist. It was her aggressive behavior (*threatening* other students!) and screaming, but then immediately playing nice to the teachers when confronted. It was her lying to guidance counselors and teachers through the years (one time she broke down crying, telling a teacher that she didn’t want to go home, all because the teacher had called me that she tore up another student’s work - AKA she was going to be punished). It was the constant hypochondria (she was constantly “sick” and “throwing up”, but rarely in front of us, and she rarely had a quantifiable fever over 100). Mary would go to extreme, illogical lengths to get what she wanted and we were the ones hurt in her efforts, constantly called into meetings with the schools, taken aside by doctors, family friends asking if Mary was “you know, okay?” 

She’s not depressed. Or autistic. Nor does she have anxiety, ADD or ADHD, or any other disorder. I’m not arguing against any judgements but she had a happy childhood. Lots of love, affection, attention (she was an only child for Christ’s sake), support - maybe not in the form that she wanted but still lots of support. Just because she didn’t want the *kind* of support she got doesn’t mean it wasn’t there. There was no reason for her to be depressed. CPS even investigated the home and found there was no abuse. Case closed. I’m not an abuser- I’m a tired mom who did everything she could. 

The argument from last week which started this post was because I asked her what she was doing for school these days as she is *24* and still hasn’t finished a degree. In turn she completely blew up on me in a similar fashion as some of these comments. 

(First:) Edit to add. She was put in therapy because she started acting out after moving states. Not because of the imaginary friend. The point is that she NEVER had an imaginary friend until the therapist asked us about said friend and we confronted Mary about it. She admitted to making it up then. 

When my daughter “Mary” was a senior, only a little into the school year, she “passed out” in the kitchen. Conveniently after I went to work and while her father was still asleep- her usual time to get “sick”. He never heard any bang. I use air quotes only because Mary has always been very dramatic and thrived off attention. At one point, we debated getting her checked for some sort of disorder, but ultimately decided not to because she was skilled at manipulating doctors to believe her lies even as a child. Example: at six, Mary had this whole imaginary friend that, when her father and I confronted her, she admitted was made up. We pulled her from therapy then.

During all her school years, she was a terror. We were constantly embarrassed in the guidance counselor’s office, pleading our case as parents doing our best. She didn’t turn in her homework, she had behavioral problems, she was “sick” more than anyone I’ve ever known to be.

But back to the concussion. Immediately after the incident Mary planted herself facedown on the couch and texted me (apparently screens didn’t bother her too much then) that she hit her head. I kept asking what happened and she said she didn’t know, I called her and she kept saying the same thing, that her head hurt. She stayed on the couch until the bus came and went. When her father got up and saw her there, he ended up taking her to the doctor at their first available appointment where she was diagnosed with a concussion. It lasted past *Christmas*. She was cleared to go back in November but only for half days, but we both worked until 4pm or later. While I tried to get her to try going back for full days, she gave up and claimed it hurt too much, so we let her stay home to heal.

Well as you can imagine, with less than half the time of the other kids, Mary’s academic success was bottom of the barrel. Plus she had to drop out of her AP courses, being too far behind. Add in the fact she slacked and slept entire days away while “sick” constantly and her college pickings were slim. We doubted she would get many acceptances honestly, but she did manage a scholarship to her ‘dream college’ that halved the costs. (She’d never mentioned it before)

We got as far as orientation before we realized even with the scholarship, and financial aid, we couldn’t do the cost. I did my best and brought her to the bank for a loan, but she couldn’t get what she needed.

She has never forgiven us, constantly claiming that we should have saved more, rather than she should have applied herself, or managed her time better to get a job. I told her that she brought this on herself, that we warned her this would happen, and that she could have put in more effort. I said “every assignment you never turned in is a dollar you pissed away”. She hasn’t spoken to us since, and she’s ignored every time I or her father tries to reach out.AITA for sternly telling my wife I get to invite whoever I want whenever I want to my house?


My wife is a stahm while I work full time. We have 2 kids that I help do %50 of their care while she handles cooking and cleaning and the other %50 of child care as well.

I'm sociable by nature and am fast at making friends wether at work or outside of it. The problem my wife has is that I invite friends and co workers (guests) over every few days to my house for dinner or lunch. Restaurants aren't an option now due to budget. My wife said she has to cook for my guests though I never tell her to cook this or cook that nor ever complain about her choice of meals because it depends. The guests eat whatever she feels like cooking yet she complains that she has to cook for extra people which takes effort and time and also since I sit with the guests then she has to serve them by bringing coffee/preparing the table/etc since I told her I don't do these chores but I thought that since this is her area of responsibilities then where's the problem?.

I invited few guests for Thanksgiving, 6 people and when she found out she lost it saying I should've consulted her first. I said there was no need because they'd just eat whatever she cook no problem but she said she wasn't going to agree to cook large portion and for 6 extra people aside from serving them and handling hosting that is too much for her. I told her she was making a big deal out of it and should just stop freaking out over few extra plates and glasses and whatnot. She said she didn't agree but then I eventually had the guests over and after they left she started yelling at me saying she was not mine and my guests server and that I should stop having them over that is when I told her very sternly that it's my house and I get to invite whoever I want whenever I please and called her unreasonable to react like that instead of being welcoming to the people who wanted to spend time with us unlike her family who cut us off completely but she shouted that she was done with being on my beck and call and having to be forced to take care of my guests in terms of serving and cooking just because it's her part of chors and told me if I want to continue to have guests over then I'll have to step up and cook for them myself which I thought was quite rude and unfair of her. We went back and forth in this argument and she then stopped talking to me and started giving me the silent treatment making me feel like I'd committed some sin by having guests over.


INFO - I just wanted to explain that my wife's main issue isn't about cooking itself but having to cook extra for the guests which is understandable and I tried to compromise by suggesting we set time limits for when my guests visit to avoid having to include them in dinners and whatnot and also suggested we limit the frequency of those visits but she stated she will still have an issue with it and gave me the options of either handling the hosting myself or just completely stop having them over or take them out to restaurants but then restaurants consume money and she was the one who advised against going to restaurants. Also, the reason I said it's my house I meant that it's my house too and not as if it's mine alone or hers alone. My wife has huge part in it and she definitely gets a say in what goes on and what doesn't and we don't usually diasgree except for this issue.My wife and I are 68, I retired about 3 years ago, and my wife is/was a nurse who went back to work for a, “change of pace”. So for the first time ever I’m out of work, and she’s working. This has created a bit of an awkward dynamic since I have 0 experience doing chores (we got married and moved in together when we were 18, and before that I lived with my mom). So I legitimately have never had to lift a finger at home til recently.


My wife packed my lunch and kissed me goodbye for 47 years. She was a bit shocked to discover I won’t be doing the same. She’s had to teach me how to cook, since I had very little experience doing it (none actually), now the only thing I can do well is clean. So that is not an issue. But everything else that she used to do I’m just not capable of. She’s been less than understanding…


I feel that we should maybe split the chores


**We recently got into an argument because I haven’t been able to, “do what I (she) did for almost 50 years”** Which she’s right, but like I said….I have no experience with any of this stuff. I didn’t even want to retire since my dad and grandpa worked til the day they died, but she convinced me too. And now I’m stuck here. I’m doing my best.


Edit(s):


She got retrained before going back to work


I was not expected to help in any way before this. She was always a very meticulous housekeeper, and even now she didn’t expect me to help, up until I showed a willingness to help her take care of the house.


To everyone saying she was working full time and doing everything: She was a SAHM/SAHW for a huge majority of our 50 year marriage, and 55 year relationship. I’d say she worked (outside the home) for about 7 years total in that time.


She didn’t outright ask me to help with chores at first, I just felt awkward sitting there all day and leaving messes. So I cleaned them, and now all of a sudden she expects me to attempt to play housewife. Honestly…it’s not as easy as she made it look. She still cleans, cooks, grocery shops though when it’s needed. In fact, I still haven’t ever grocery shopped.


I have a new found respect for housewives. I always appreciated my wife, and was impressed by the way she juggles everything. But now that I’m on the other end, it isn’t as easy as it seemed.

Hi. A couple of weeks ago we had a new employee hired at the company. he's a good guy and a widower named "James" (36) and to my knowledge his late wife passed away 8 months ago. Me (f32) and the other coworkers got along well with him. However I noticed that he is still wearing his wedding band on his finger. It kind of confused me a bit and I couldn't help but bring it up with him while on lunch break.


We talked and I pointed out that he was being misleading by still wearing his wedding band when he's a widower. He looked quite bothered by what I said but I tried to explain that I think that he was giving people the wrong idea or impression about his relationship status since he's technically single and on his own right now (don't want to sound cruel but I'm speaking from technical angle).
James said that he didn't give it much thought (meaning he don't care what people think) and that even if he wasn't wearing his wedding band and some woman approached him he'd still turn them down since he's obviously not interested.

For some reason things got awkward and everyone stopped eating and just stared at James and me.
I told him I don't know but that really really felt generally misleading of him as in making people think he is in a relationship (married) when he is not regardless of how he felt about being in a relationship. He got upset, called me rude, and said that I repeatedly disrespected his marriage and his late wife's memory with what I said then took his stuff and walked away. My co workers said regardless of who is right or wrong (though some said he overreacted) there was no reason for me to bring this up on the first place and cause a scene and make James upset with us like that now he's not speaking to me and others who sided with me.


AITA? Did I overstep or did he overreact?

This was just a conversation we were casually having with the other co workers and I didn't use any insensitive tones or anything but we had a discussion and it suddenly turned into an argument. I tried to let things calm down but the situation got out of my hand unexpectedly.So my boyfriend (30M) and I (24F) have been together for two years, and we just bought our first house together. We move in at the end of the month.

My boyfriend has a four year old daughter "Kate" from a previous relationship. I love Kate with all my heart. She lives with my BF's ex, and comes to visit us for short stays and sleepovers, more often in the summer time.

Our new house is about a 30 minute drive from Kate's mom's house. It has three bedrooms: a master bedroom and two smaller bedrooms. We are converting one of the rooms to be an office for my BF and me to work from. That leaves just one spare bedroom.

Kate was really nervous about us moving so far away, and my BF has reassured her that she will still get to visit all the time - and she will have her own bedroom waiting for her whenever she wants. My issue with this is that I don't want Kate to treat the only spare bedroom as her personal bedroom. Rather, I want it to be thought of as a "guest" bedroom.

Of course Kate can stay there whenever she wants to. This isn't part of the debate, I want her to feel welcome all the time. But I don't want it to be *only* her room. I don't want it to be filled with her toys and clothes, so nobody else feels comfortable to sleep in there. I don't think it's fair that a room is reserved for someone who is not there 90% of the time.

In addition, my BF and I are planning to have a child of our own, and I want to make sure that when that happens, we will have space for them to live. I can only imagine the circus in a few years if we have to tell Kate we are taking away her room to give to her new sibling.

That's why I want to set expectations now - that Kate is always welcome, but she will be welcome as a "guest."

My boyfriend thinks I'm being unreasonable, that Kate needs her own room for stability, especially as she feels we are moving away from her. He says we can keep a pull-out sofa in our office for guests to stay on, and call the spare room "Kate's room."

I still don't think it's fair to have a room just for Kate when she won't use it very often. And I think it's reasonable to be worried at the prospect of eventually giving Kate's room away to a future child.I know it sounds bad but hear me out.

So I (27M) and my mom (45F) have never had a good relationship. My dad (52M) worked a lot of hours so it was always just me and my mom. All she did was nag me constantly. It was always about that shit. She never listened to what I wanted. For example she'd pack these really elaborate lunchboxes and when she found out I was giving it to my friend, she got really upset even though I told her before that I wanted normal foods. To make it worse, she guilt-tripped me by packing my friend his own lunch and dropped it off every morning when she drive me to school. IT was a passive aggressive stunt.

Long story short, my dad and his coworker clicked things happened and my mom freaked out and they divorced. I was 16 and wanted to live with my dad and my stepmom who was way more chill. She let me live and didn't nag me about homework and stuff. My mom tried to get custody but the judge let me decide. My dad and stepmom didn't make me contact her.

A few years later, I changed my number for insurance stuff, moved out of state, and we lost contact. She was literally already married and had a kid but she didn't tell me. It wasn't 11 years of no contact like people said, just a couple of years out of touch. So she basically lied to me

Recently my grandparents had their anniversary and they somehow invited my mom even though she's the ex. I didn't think she would show up.

She came in with her husband, and a 5 year old kid, my "half-brother"  My mom had married someone without telling me and had a kid. I was so upset that she hadn't even told me. I yelled at her. I was really hurt that she replaced me with the "perfect, well behaved kid". She was going to pretend I didn't exist so her perfect life could continue. She threw a tantrum and left with her new family.

My grandparents asked me to leave but my dad and my stepmom had my back. They said it was ridiculous that she hadn't told any of us that she got remarried and had a kid. My grandparents said that they knew and were invited to her wedding. Now my dad is mad at his parents, I'm mad at my mom, and my life has turned to shit. So Reddit AITA?

Edit I DON'T CARE THAT SHE REMARRIED AND HAD A KID. I CARE THAT SHE HID IT FROM EVERYONE. Jesus she was a helicopter parent and didn't let me breathe my entire life and guiltripped on how she loved me so much when she didn't even care to look at me ONCE during the anniversary party. It's not like she used to tell me I was the light of her life or shit. It's not like I'm her son. Now I'm nothing to her because she has a new FAAAMILY and a new SONN that she can mother hen the shit out of and then abandon when he's a real person instead of her perfect dress up dollMy husband (64) has two kids, a daughter (35) and son (31), his daughter lives in a different country, but is low contact with us, so we have very little to do with her.

Their real mother died when they were both in their teens.

His son lives only 15 minutes away, and we see him from time-to-time. He's not a bad guy, just very different to my husband and I.

I also have a son of my own (41), he is a very successful stock broker, while my husband's son is a moderately successful photographer. My son is married with 3 kids, while my husband's son is still single, this usually causes problems over Christmas, as I like to spend it with my son and his family, and I expect my husband to join.

We invited his son along four years ago, and even though he did try to fit in, it just wasn't a good fit. He thought it appropriate to show up in Jeans and a t-shirt; I was so embarrassed, I could hardly look anyone in the eyes.

Ever since that year, we decided not to invite him again, this never seemed to be an issue until this year. We showed up at his home early morning. We had plans to go over to my son's house at around 11:00, so we didn't really have time, so we just dropped off a gift for him and left. He bought nothing for us.

Later that day, my husband texted him to ask him to ask if he had enjoyed the rest of Xmas, to which he replied "Oh right, that's what today was, thanks for the chocolate and 3 minute visit".

My husband was very upset by this, but I was outraged. I wanted to contact him and put him in his place, but my husband took my phone away and told me to let it go.

It's been two days now, him and my husband are talking again, and both seem to have just moved past it, but I'm still mad. It's not my fault that he is less successful than my family, and just can't fit in with us.

So, am I the idiot for not inviting my husband's son to Christmas? I think I might slightly be, because my husband wasn't super rich until he married me, so his son was raised in a lower class environment, which obviously he can't help, but at the same time, it's definitely not my fault either. I feel very conflicted.

Just thought I would add this, because it keeps coming up. No, I did not tell him about the dress code BUT he has spent enough time with me and his father, that he should have known better. The Jeans were also ill fitting and did not look neat at all.

Also, that Xmas didn't take place at my house but at my son's, and he was also quite embarrassed, (1) because this wasn't setting a good example to his young children, and (2) he had other guests over as well, and this did not make a favourable impression on them.UPDATE: Well, I'm an asshole. A big one. You all have given me a lot to think about and you know what you guys are right. I'm not trying to earn sympathy or anything here but reading through your comments and seeing other people's perspectives have made me realize I was a real problem here. I have apologized to my cousin, showed her this thread, and we are talking while she is reading through it. We're not 100% okay, and I didn't expect us to be, I hurt her. But we are working on it. Cousin is still deciding whether or not she wants to comment under her reddit account since so many people were asking about her. She's not sure if she wants to identify herself under her account which is very similar to her full name. 

OP:

My (32M) cousin (27F) is a phd student--has been for about four years now I think. And honestly in the time since she's been at college in general her personality has changed, but even more so with this new school. One of the ways I've seen it is on social media (facebook, twitter, instagram). She literally only talks about grad school and academics and "theory" (this is what she calls it and tbh it's all very confusing to me and I don't know how to describe it) and stuff like that. there are barely any updates on her life and when there are it's still academic stuff. Think pictures of her and coworkers at conferences, meetings with a "theory reading group," department happy hours, etc. So when she's not discussing hardcore academic texts on her social media with other professors and grad students, she's sharing pictures of her at all these academic events. She just recently posted a big thing about how she's excited to present at "MLA" this year (couldn't even tell you what that is). Honestly, all us cousins used to be very close but now all of us really can't relate to her as we're not exactly a family that did college and stuff like that. She's not like that in person at all and just wants to hang out, but her social media tends to be on our minds when we talk to her and it effects things, I think.

Anyway, she was at home for a couple of weeks this summer and a bunch of us cousins were hanging out having some drinks, every now and then if one of us got a bunch of notifications we'd check our phones (no big deal to any of us, no one was being rude and only on their phone). She got a text and looked at her phone and smiled/laughed a bit. So I said "get anything good?" and she said "yeah, a friend sent me a really funny meme, here, I'll pull it up" and I said "is it going to be the stuff you're always posting/sharing that none of us will get? Because I don't want to see it if it's that pretentious crap." She said no, but then said "never mind" and got all quiet.

I asked her what was wrong and she says "I didn't realize you think I'm pretentious" and I said "well really it's your social media, you only ever post about stuff barely anyone understands and you're always talking about your academic life and all these things you go to, it absolutely comes across as pretentious and weird like you're obsessed with academics and you think that having a couple of degrees makes you better." Most of the cousins laughed at that, while two said to cool it and to keep that for when it's just the rest of us. She just quietly finished her drink and left for the evening without saying goodbye to anyone. She won't answer my texts now. I feel bad but I was just teasing her and letting her know that her social media makes her come off as a pretentious AH.I love her, I will marry her but I don't feel okay about her keeping another man's last name instead of mine. Her reason why is that she wants to have the same last name as her two kids but that doesn't make a lot of sense since we're planning to have children of our own. **When I asked her about our future children last names she said we can just hyphenate the two when the time come**s. I'm honestly not comfortable with this, it's not hate against her ex, he was never a jerk to me or anything but I don't want my wife and kids to have his name.

I knew what I was signing up for when I started to date her, she made crystal clear her children come first and one of the things she wanted me to have in mind is that we are not making a new family, we're merging two. Her dad was pretty absent in her life and apparently he was a wonderful to his "new family" so I understand the trauma and know how important is to her to keep all her children as a unity but as her spouse, I'll honestly feel out of this unity.

We had many serious discussions before deciding to get marry and we agreed with pretty much everything but until recently, the last name thing haven't come up. It was probably not as important as we agreeing on having children, where to live, step-parenting dynamics, etc. But this is the first thing she's not willing to discuss, I always had a great communication with her about anything but for this one issue her position is "It's decided, no discussion", we been together for two years, she has never positioned herself like this before.

AITA for not accepting this?

EDIT: I think it's more important to point out that she also want children with this name. Many children have both parents last names hyphenated but the facts my children would get this name from an ex is what bothers me.

EDIT 2: My wife won't hyphenate her last because she doesn't want a last name her kids don't have even if she keeps the one they have. She doesn't me, her and our future children to have my last name while the two don't. I tried that, hard no.

EDIT 3: I suggest actually reading the post. Many comments clearly only read the title.[removed][removed]
Hi. So my husband m32 and I f24 are expecting our first baby together (I'm 7 months in). My inlaws are lovely people. My mother in law had some not so major fight with her husband and has been staying with us for few days. Her birthday was yesterday and because of her emotional and mental state my husband decided to throw her a surprise party and invite his siblings. He got everything ready and I was home alone when the cake arrived from the bakery. To give info the cake was big and had my mother in law's favorite flavor (strawberry). I asked my husband for some snack I was craving really badly but he didn't get them. To be honest I got a bit tempted whenever I looked at the cake and decided to cut a small piece of it. I didn't think it was a big deal til my husband saw it and flipped out asking why I ruined the cake and cur a piece of it. I said I was sorry but was craving something sweet. He said that was supposed to be his mothers birthday cake and I embarrassed him by taking a piece of it instead of waiting til the party in just few hours. I said he should have been the one to handle it if he didn't think I was up to the task but he went off saying he couldn't believe how childish I was with 0 impulse control to be blaming him instead of checking myself and not be unsupportive. This made me upset because there were a ton of other stuff he asked me to do and I did it. He kept arguing saying I just caused him tje price of cake and an utter embarrassement when his mom sees that I ate from her cake. 


I looked at him and told him he overreacted over a piece of cake and asked if a piece of cake was more important than his son and that I was sure his mom will understand that I took my piece of cake in advance because I really couldn't help myself but he said this wasn't about me and I have to just admit I messed up and ruined his work then went upstairs. I refused to come of the room to celebrate after he told me to stay there and I explained to his mom what happened and she didn't say anything though I noticed she was bothered. He keeps telling me to apologize otherwise he won't speak to me nor acknowledge my presence in the house.I won't be going into specifics, since I'd rather avoid being identified.

I have a severe dog allergy. I can have varying disease of severity when it comes to my reactions when I'm exposed to dogs. In short, being in a closed environment with a dog is out of the question.

Earlier today, I was boarding my flight with my friends, since we're all going on vacation together. As I'm boarding, I find that one of the passengers is boarding with a Golden Retriever, with a guide dog vest on it. I want to make it clear that I'm not questioning whether this was a guide dog or not. This was also a fairly small plane, since the flight would only take around an hour. As mentioned, I cannot be in a confined space with a dog. I told one of the flight attendants my concerns, since I could have potentially ended up in hospital if I had to fly with this dog. The flight attendant informed the woman with the dog, who goes into hysterics, saying that she is visiting a sick family member, and can't afford to miss her flight. I'm not sure how sick the family member in question was/is. The flight attendant asked if I'd be willing to miss this flight and catch the next one that would be leaving in around 2 hours. I was offered a seat in first class if I was willing to do this. I said that unfortunately I wouldn't be able to do this, since I'd paid for my vacation. Due to the size of the plane, the dog would not be able to go in the hold. The woman started insulting my character, saying that I was "heartless" for putting my vacation over her sick family member.

I got on the plane and sat with my friends. As I did this, a woman in a nearby seat told me that she wanted to inform that I "am the biggest bitch that she's ever met." I didn't respond since I didn't want to cause a confrontation. My friends haven't said I'm in the wrong, but have kept making sarcastic jokes about the situation. 

AITA?Context to the situation:

I (30M) am the father to two children, my son, who is 5, and my daughter, who is 1. I've worked hard to bring up my kids, since it has involved juggling my career, bills, rent and mortgage payments as well as all the other expenses that come with being an adult, all the while raising my children. Needless to say, it hasn't been easy, so I am proud of the fact that I have two happy, healthy children. My brother is 23, and has said that having children isn't a priority in his life, and "if it happens, it happens." His reason for this is that he wants to be able to travel, enjoy his career, and be able to have the option to do things spontaneously, which I don't have a problem with. He also has an English Bulldog puppy, which he got from a breeder, something that I disagree with, but I can't tell him how to live his life. 

Which brings me to the issue. Despite not having kids, my brother constantly jokes about how him and his boyfriend are "parents" to their dog. Their friends even go as far to send them "dog dad" cards on fathers day. After raising my children, I find it rude when he refers to himself as a "dad" when owning a dog isn't nearly as hard as raising two children. I brought this up to him, and he defended himself by saying that him calling himself a "dog dad" isn't hurting anyone. I told him that this isn't the case, since there's people who can't have children, poor people who struggle to raise children etc. who will likely be very hurt by him and his partners comments. They both haven't spoken to me since.

Am I missing something? I know I could have made my point in a less direct way, but surely calling yourself a "dog parent" isn't something that should be normalised?

AITA?[removed][removed]I (44m) have been with my girlfriend (40f) for several years now. She has one child--a son who recently turned 18. He and I get along really well, at least for the most part.

But recently he and I had our first blowout fight and I'm wondering if I was wrong. What happened was that we were returning home from a summer trip. My girlfriend decided that we should stop at a casino near the border of our home state--she enjoys gambling, maybe a little too much but that's a different post. We ended up getting a hotel room at the casino for a night. For a lot of it my girlfriend's son and I just hung out and watched a CSI marathon. But eventually we ended up joining his mom on the casino floor. I gave the boy $100 and told him that he should go make me some money.

Eventually I met up with my girlfriend (his mother) and he came up a little later to both of us with a cash waiver for about $1,100. He looked really proud of his earnings. I told him to turn his cash for another $100 but he responded "No, I think I'll keep this."

I answered him "No, you didn't earn that" and took the money and explained that all winnings between us were communal. I gave him another $100.

I think that he had no claim to his gambling winnings in the first place since it came from my money. My girlfriend is actually with me on this. But her son is really mad it me right now; probably the angriest he has ever been, feeling like I stole his winnings and it's had me thinking that maybe I'm in the wrong.[deleted]So, I've been with my boyfriend (bf) for 4 months. He rents with a guy (roommate) "Justin" who is a bit of a self rightous jerk sometimes.

The problem started when I started having sleepovers with my bf in the apartment. Justin looked super annoyed whenever he saw me over which is 5 days a week. He'd just keep huffing and puffing and speak to me rudely. I said nothing til yesterday when he got back and found me and started a fight with me telling me to stop having sleepovers. I asked wtf was his problem and he looked at me with and with a straight face said "IF YOU'RE GONNA COME OVER HERE AND USE WATER, ELECTRICITY AND WHATNOT 5 DAYS A WEEK THEN YOU MIGHT AS WELL START PAYING RENT!". I responded telling him that my bf pays rent and I use what he uses then called him rude and told him to get over himself. He told me he'll get the landlord involved and my bf asked me to leave so he could figure it out with the guy. I grabbed my stuff and left feeling awful.


My bf later called saying I was rude in what I said and his roommate has a point especailly since I'm using everything in the apartment from microwave, shower, charger and so his roommate felt it was unfair and my bf asked me to tune down my visits for now. We had an argument after I said he sided with his roommate over me to keep the peace and ended the call.


We haven't talked since then. AITA? Did I go too far?.[deleted][removed]My kids are Jonah (14M) and Emma (12F) and my husband is Johnny (40M), for clarity.

Emma has always been brighter than is typical for her age, she was reading at 4 and she's even gone to national competitions. We're really proud of her and all she's accomplishing. She's been in the gifted/talented program for a few years now, but now her school wants to take it further. They want her to go to eighth grade this year instead of seventh.

The thing is though, Jonah repeated a year (sixth) so he actually is in eighth grade. It was a hard year for him overall. He's a bit ashamed of that year and it really bothers him that he didn't put in more effort. I don't think it would be good for him if he and Emma share classes, which is very likely because it's a small school. So I declined the skipping grades arrangement and asked if we can just give Emma further enrichment like we've been doing, because she can definitely do eighth-grade work. I thought that would be best for both kids.

The trouble is that when I told Emma what we decided for her, she didn't take it well. She soon grew testy, saying Jonah's school placement "has nothing to do with her". I told her that I was thinking of *both* of them when I made that decision. Emma later went to her room in tears, but she wouldn't let me check on her all evening. 

Johnny sided with me, saying it's right that I took both kids into account, but Emma is clearly still bothered and I really didn't want to upset her. I just wanted to be fair to everyone. AITA?Background info: I (58F) have a daughter (22F).  I am very anti-tattoo and my daughter is very aware of this.  When she left to go to college, I told her that as long as I was paying for her school, she was not allowed to get a tattoo.  Since I was paying for her undergrad, she followed my rules.  When she was getting ready to start grad school about 1.5 years ago, which she was paying for, she apparently went out and got a tattoo of a butterfly on her shoulder that's about the size of my fist.  I didn't know about it until about 6 months ago when she finally mentioned it.  I absolutely hate it, I think it's ugly and gross.

The current situation: My daughter is moving back in with me and my mother to complete her internship that is required for her masters degree.  I told her that when she is in the house she has to wear clothing that covers the tattoo because I don't want to see it.  She says that's not fair because it is very hot where we live and she likes to wear tank tops and stuff.  I say it's my house so it's my rules and she is welcome to find other living arrangements if she doesn't like it.  I know that she cannot find other arrangements because the internship is unpaid so she has no option exception living with me for free.  My mother doesn't really like tattoos either, but she hasn't said anything about this situation except to say she is staying out of it.  I think I might be the asshole because she is an adult who can make her own choices, but I cannot stand the tattoo and I'm so disappointed that she made the choice to get one.  So, AITA?This happened a few weeks ago but my (30M) wife (30F) is still upset about it, so I am bringing this to Reddit. My company had a Christmas party a few weeks ago, and employees were allowed to bring their significant others. It was a fairly fancy event and everyone was expected to dress up. When my wife came downstairs ready to get in the car to go to the restaurant where the event was being held, she was wearing appropriate clothing for a fancy dinner, but she was wearing her glasses. I gently asked if she would mind putting on contact lenses just for the night, since this was a fancy event. She looked shocked and said she didn’t understand why she would need to put on contacts. My wife has terrible eyesight and wears glasses every day, but will put on contacts if she’s doing something like skiing or surfing or playing sports, but she also usually puts on contacts for special occasions like the one we were about to go to. I reminded her of this, and she said she didn’t want to put contacts in and asked continuously if I’m unattracted to her when she wears glasses, but after some back and forth, she begrudgingly agreed to go put on contacts. 

Well, when we got to the restaurant, coworkers and their significant others were walking around the room mingling, and my wife turned to me fuming. She immediately noticed that several women were wearing glasses and she went off about how she couldn’t believe that I had the audacity to force her to put on contacts when clearly no one at the event gave a shit. I guess me asking her to wear contacts led her to believe that no one else in the room would be wearing glasses, even though I never said that. I just wanted her to look her best at this important work event. I really don’t get why this has blown up the way it has. This happened over 2 weeks ago and my wife is still acting cold towards me and makes remarks under her breath that I’m an asshole and that I don’t find her attractive. I don't think I'm an asshole and I think she's being ridiculous and insecure, but she will not let go of this.

AITA?I (30sF) have been married to Buford (40sM) for about a year. I brought Jay (8M) and Juniper (5F) from a past marriage, and until very recently we thought Buford had no children. We had no intentions of having more kids.

As it happens though, it turns out Buford actually does have a daughter Markita (15F). Her mom did not tell Buford about her pregnancy and ultimately moved states, so he had no idea until she reached out on FB. We were a little dubious, but she turned out to be right. Markita and mom moved back to our state in the meantime and live about 40 minutes from us. She wants visitation with Buford which he has agreed to. There's no formal custody arrangement between Buford and mom so it's basically just sporadic weekends and school holidays. Usually this is just between the two of them, but sometimes she will come to the house and has even slept over a few times.

Here's my dilemma. Markita is hearing impaired. I'm not entirely sure to what degree but I do know she almost exclusively uses ASL. No one in our family knows ASL but Buford has been trying to learn for her. The last time Markita was here he pitched to me the idea of us learning ASL as a family. 

The truth is that I really don't know if that is worth the effort. Markita is present at our house maybe once a month. I would consider it if she were going to be over more often, but I work 48 hours a week and I just don't have time for something like this. I also know 3 different languages, one of which was in adulthood and it was very difficult for me even fifteen years ago. I just can't fit something like that into my life, but I told Buford that Jay and Juniper can still learn if they're interested.

The kids don't want to since I'm not and now Buford thinks I'm being ridiculous since I have no other way of communicating with Markita. I told him we can work something out but he didn't want to hear it honestly. Markita also thinks I should learn some basic signs but between work and kids even that would be a struggle. AITA for not wanting to learn sign language?I was blessed with three beautiful children and unfortunately, my eldest, Brooke, passed away when she was 5 years old. It rocked my world and I know I haven’t been the same since. I went through therapy and still attend to this day, but a part of me died too.

I will never let my daughter be forgotten. I bring pictures of her to events such as holiday celebrations and birthdays. I talk about her all the time. Every year on my living children’s birthdays, I think of her and how her once younger siblings are now older than her. 

My daughter, Marnie, is getting married next month. I asked her if she was having a memorial table and she said no. I asked her about creating a seat for her sister who passed, as she should be a part of the day. Marnie told me no, for once she wants a day about her. She says she couldn’t have one event that wasn’t about Brooke. Even her graduation, I had put a picture of her on the seat. She said I needed to stop making my grief “front stage”.

I told her she was being incredibly selfish and until she goes through a loss like this, she’ll never understand. Marnie asked me if her kids would have to live under the shadow of Brooke too. I told her she should be ashamed and to get over herself.

My son says I’m being terrible and I need to re-evaluate my life. AITA?One of my husband's closest friends got married in a courthouse ceremony last year.  They debated postponing their entire ceremony, but decided to just do a courthouse wedding to save money.  They threw a smallish reception like party in their backyard to celebrate with friends and family instead.  

Since they also both had to cancel their bachelor/bachelorette parties, they decided to use some of the money they saved from the wedding to go on trips with their friends.  My husband's friend decided he wanted to go to Vegas.  He sent out an email to everyone invited, detailing the trip.  His friend would book and pay for an entire villa suite so the only thing the attendees would have to pay for would be airfare and spending cash.

When my husband told me about it he was so excited as he's never been to Vegas and this seemed like the perfect trip since his friend was covering a huge expense.  However, We have 2 young kids at home, a 3-year old and a 6-week newborn.  The trip is in 6 weeks and my husband's friend wants for sure answers on who is going by the end of this week so he can finalize reservations.

I told my husband I don't want him to go because I need his help at home.  He pretty much begged me but I did not give in.  I do not think I can handle the needs of both kids by myself.  Neither of us has family nearby, and I'm pretty much estranged from all of my family anyway.  The only real option we have for help is his mom and she lives 3,000 miles away.  He offered to pay for her to come stay to help but I told him we can't afford it, which he should know.

I was also upset that he thought we had the money to pay for this at all.  We have 2 kids, we shouldn't be spending our money on gambling party trips.  I pretty much put my foot down and told my husband he can't go and that there is nothing he can do to convince me that he should or that it's even an idea worth entertaining.  

He's still been trying to convince me and come up with ideas that he thinks will make it work, no matter how many times I tell him to stop.  I finally snapped at him and told him to drop it because he's not going and there's nothing he can do to convince me otherwise.  I told him his priority needs to be his family right now, not going off with friends to blow money on drinks and gambling. 

He called me a controlling jerk and that I'm depriving him of a once-in-a-lifetime trip.  I told him if he went he would be missing out on once-in-a-lifetime moments with his kids and that's what he needs to focus on.  I told him he just needs to drop and it tell his friend he can't go and be done with it.

He told me that he hopes I remember this when there's something that I really want to do, because he would never deprive me of an experience like this.  He did finally tell his friend he can't go, but now he is barely talking to me, and pretty much only about things related to the kids.  I can't even understand why he thought going would be a good idea, but am I the asshole here?So, last night me and a few friends went to a pizza shop in downtown morgantown. We got a couple pizzas, some regular and some gourmet. We didn't know, but every pizza came with a cup of garlic sauce. Well, none of us liked garlic sauce and we asked if we could get some ranch instead. They wanted a dollar per cup, and wouldn't swap the garlic sauce. Keep in mind, these were large pizzas and very hungry college students and we would have needed about 10 of these little cups of ranch. They were these: https://www.kensfoodservice.com/products/buttermilk-ranch-dressing

We weren't about to pay $10 for ranch dressing, and told the girl who brought out the pizza not to worry about the ranch. The restaurant owner overheard this and made a comment "shit isn't free boys" and that really pissed me off. There was a convenience store across the street, and I decided to get us some ranch. I got up and walked across the street and bought a big bottle of ranch, enough for 5 more pizza outings for $5. 

Some of my friends said I shouldn't have done that, and the store owner gave me a dirty look. I was told I was "petty" and "tight". I told them I was going to enjoy my cheap ranch and if it was that big of a personal conviction, keep their hands off it. That personal conviction lasted 30 seconds, and pretty soon that bottle was being passed around the table.

Remember, they gave out the garlic sauce and refused to substitute ranch. It was frustrating and strange to say the least. 

So AITA for refusing to pay $10 for ranch and going to buy my own bottle instead?My daughter and her friend M are both 12 years old and like to have sleepovers every now and then.  M's family maintains a strict vegan diet where she isn't even allowed to drink milk.  Her parents are nice people although a bit on the neurotic side.  M is bright young girl and she's a good friend to my daughter but I noticed how much smaller and paler she is compared to my daughter.  I think it's likely tied to her family's diet.  

So whenever she is over I always make a big meaty meal for them.  Last weekend I made some cheeseburgers and steak for them on the grill with a big glass of milk.  M absolutely loves it and always politely asks for more (which I happily provide).  For snacks I give them some of my venison jerky.  For breakfast I typically make a big plate of scrambled eggs and bacon again with a big glass of milk.  Despite her size M always wolfs down whatever I make.  And I have to say everytime she leaves it looks like she has a healthy glow to her.  

I know I probably shouldn't be doing this but I think M is a bit malnourished (nothing against vegans or anything).  She knows she'll get in big trouble if she tells her folks.  (I think she fibs a bit to her parents about what she eats).  

AITA for letting my daughter's vegan friend eat meat?[removed]My daughter is turning 7, and we're going to a movie and pizza for her party. At her school the policy is all boys/girls or the whole class. Some parents have gone around that but I don't like that whole dynamic so I'm making her stick to the school guidelines. She wants to invite her whole class.

Here's where I might have messed up. When we were writing out the invitations daughter asked me if we had to invite "Avery". Avery has autism and something else, and she's barely verbal, very hyperactive, and isn't potty trained. My daughter comes home with a story about something this kid did easily twice a week. She said she doesn't want everyone paying attention to Avery "like they always do at school." I thought about it and decided daughter doesn't have to invite her. I have nothing against the girl, but I respect my daughter's choice.

Well, apparently one of the other parents is friends with Avery's mom, and she complained to me when she said Avery didn't get an invitation. I told the other parent it wasn't malicious but I do want my daughter to be able to enjoy her birthday party without having to always be "inclusive." She must have passed this on because the girl's mom messaged me and said "thanks for reminding us yet again that we don't get invited to things." I apologized but I stood firm.

I really don't want to make my daughter be miserable at her own birthday party, especially since she didn't even get a party last year thanks to pandemic. But after the backlash I got I have to wonder if I'm somehow missing a chance to teach my daughter not to discriminate. So AITA?I (23F) am engaged to my fiancé (27M). I am also the mother to my daughter (4). I wasn't able to go to university full time, since I was raising my daughter. However, I am currently studying history online, where I will hopefully be able to become a history teacher. Balancing studying while raising my daughter hasn't been easy, however, having my fiancé supporting the family has really helped, since my fiancé works in a research lab. We have enough money to live comfortably, but saving up money to have our dream wedding would take years.

My brother (28M) works as a hospital doctor. His wife also works as a hospital doctor, so to say that they are well off would be an understatement. My brother hasn't had the same struggles of raising a child, since they both don't want any children. I don't mind the fact that they both have kids, but they have been able to save a lot of money due to this. 

Recently, I asked my brother if he would be able to help pay for my wedding, since having him contribute to my wedding would help make it a magical moment for me. My brother offered to give me £5,000 towards my wedding, which honestly surprised me. I might be wrong here, but surely as a hospital doctor, my brother should be able to contribute more to my wedding. I told him that I'd really appreciate it if he could give me £20,000 for my wedding, since it would really mean a lot, but he refused. 

I'd be lying if I said I didn't make my annoyance with my brother clear, and I told him that his refusal to help pay for my wedding is selfish, and that if he doesn't help contribute to my wedding, then he won't be able to come, since it isn't my fault that I don't a lot of money to fund my wedding. We had an argument afterwards, and I haven't been returning his calls since. The rest of my family is helping to contribute to my wedding, which makes his refusal even worse.

Despite my brother's actions, my father thinks that I'm being too harsh on my brother, and that me not inviting him to my wedding would be upsetting for him. Am I missing something here?

AITA?TL/DR: GF wanted me to top up her wine in the bath when on her period and I thought it was weird which made her upset and self conscious. 

Obligatory on mobile please excuse the formatting. English is my first language so tell me off for spelling or grammar mistakes!

When we met my (35M) girlfriend (29F) was very shy and self-conscious. Over the last 2.5 years I’ve really helped her get over that. A lot. She’s gone from telling me I’d never see her fully naked to regularly asking me to top up her glass of wine in the bath (we live together). Like sometimes twice per bath, and she has a bath almost every day. It’s become a very flirty moment for us as she makes a big deal of showing off.

It’s something that’s started over the last few months. Due to her PCOs she skipped a few periods. And today she got her first one in four months. So it’s the first time she’s been on her period since she started asking me to come in and top up her wine.

So she casually asked me to come and top up her wine in the bath like always. But I got a bit freaked out and didn’t want to go in there and see her in the bath whilst on her period. Maybe I’m old fashioned or something but I’m just not comfortable seeing it. I know a lot about it and talk about it with her and give her ice cream or cuddles or whatever she needs on her period.

For context the conversation went (via mobile as I was gaming):

Her: fancy topping me up and checking me out?

Me: er... are you sure...?

Her: yeah, why not?

Me: because your on your period, isn’t that gross and stuff? And a bit weird?

Her: oh sorry. I didn’t think. Sorry for being a weirdo.

Me: nothing to be sorry about it’s just a weird thought. If you want me to I will though?

Her: no that’s ok. Forget it.

Me: I’m happy to if you want me to.

Her: ok it’s safe for you to come in now.

But here’s where I may be an asshole, she apologised a lot as she hadn’t thought of that. Then I told her it’s fine and if she’s ok with it I’ll still come in and top her up, I don’t want to make her self conscious again or upset etc. But she agreed only when she had a towel covering herself in the bath. She was upset as well. 

Reddit AITA for not wanting to top up her wine in the bath when on her period and making her self-conscious again and upset?

Edit: reading this again the next day I wrote it poorly. Thank you for all the comments. I’ve learnt a lot and educated myself from your comments. I thought I was TA hence making the post so it’s useful to understand why and how it all works as I was taught that, while it’s natural, it’s not something to be seen. For context we do plan to have kids and I will be at the birth and I will do anything I can to not make her feel like that again.Hello reddit, my daughter is 2 weeks old. I have barely held her since she was born. My wife constantly has her. When I do get to hold her, my wife just starts crying hysterically until I give her back. I asked her why and she said she was anxious that something would happen to our daughter and that's why she felt the need to hold her so close. 

No matter how much I tried to reassure her, she just wouldn't let up. I practically begged her just to let me hold her so that my wife could shower, eat, and care for herself but nothing worked. I felt like I was losing precious bonding time with my daughter so I did what I thought I had to do. My wife fell asleep on the sofa with our child, I took her, went to the guest bedroom and locked the door. 

My wife woke up shortly after, very upset of course that our daughter wasn't with her. She soon realized I was in the guest room and begged me to open the door. She was crying, kicking, and screaming. I didn't open it though, and spent a good couple hours with our daughter in there. 

Apparently my wife had called her mom, because I got a call from my mil cussing me out, saying how I shouldn't be taking a newborn from her postpartum mother and other things like that. My wife has been furious with me and won't speak and I'm just so frustrated because I really just wanted to spend quality time with my child but maybe that wasn't the way to do it. AITA?[removed]I have a 4-year-old son with my ex-husband. We’ve been in the middle of divorce since our son was 1. My ex has made settling the divorce and deciding custody of our son hell for me, both financially and emotionally. 

I finally reached my boiling point two months ago when I realised just how bad my finances are at the moment and the fact that I would need to stop the divorce and move to an even cheaper but dangerous area to just survive at this point. I don’t want my son to have to live there too. So, I decided that the next time my ex was in the country, I would take my son and leave him with his dad since he wants custody so badly. 

My ex assumed it was just for the day but when I didn’t come to pick him up in the evening and I wasn’t home when he tried to drop him off, he started texting and calling me non-stop telling me I needed to come collect our son since he didn’t have his nanny there and he was very busy. I ignored him for over a week, until he started threatening to have someone come and find me.

We had a conversation where my ex was asking me what type of mother just ups and abandons her child like I had done. He wanted to know where I was and wanted to know when I was going to come back. When I told him I wasn’t, he told me he had learnt his lesson and I needed to stop punishing our son to make a point. I told him I wouldn’t come back, because my ex was right, he had the money to give our son a better life so he had won. He asked me what he was supposed to tell our son and I told him he should tell him the truth, that his dad liked to bully people with his money and it made me have to go away. He got really angry and told me not to play games and that we would go back to our old financial agreement that we had before I filed for divorce if I would just come back.

AITA?My husband and I went to a dinner party planned by his mother, presumably just as a little get together. This wasn't the first time I had met them, as we have been married for about a year but this was the first dinner party I've attended. My husband is Asian/White, I am African American if that matters. When we get there, everything is going well up until his mother and father announce its dinner time. We help set up the plates, and once everyone sits down my MIL announces she cooked a new dish that she's excited for us to try. My husband's family all sit down to eat, including me.

We're about 15-20 minutes into the dinner when my MIL taps my shoulder, asking why I haven't made myself a plate yet. I explained to her that I was actually not in the mood to eat but everything looked delicious. She's goes quiet for a second before going on a rant about how she didnt take so long to prepare, grocery shop, cook, and set the meals just for me to not eat any of it. 

I looked awkwardly to my husband and he just shrugged, clearly fearful of his mom. One of his cousins chimed into to say that the least I could do is take a small bite, wouldn't hurt. I shook my head, saying my stomach hurt and I would not be forcing myself to eat anything for the sake of anyone's feelings and that I don't just eat anyone's cooking.

MIL accused me of accusing her of being unclean, to which I said she was taking my words out of context. She then spat some stuff about how I'm not a good wife to my husband since I absolutely refused to eat Asian cooking, and I'm too "american" anyways. I didn't say much back. Dinner was pretty awkward after that, and my husband told me that I should have just tried a bite. I told him I hadn't meant to be rude, I was taught by my own mother not to just eat anyone's cooking, and I refused to be forced to eat something I didn't want to eat. 

AITA?

Edit: Some of you are asking why my mother raised me to not eat just anyone's cooking. Here's the explanation.
 When I was younger, my mother ate food that some of my fathers family prepared, and so did I. Stuff was coming out of both ends for the both of us. She never did it again.[removed](Throwaway)

I (27M) work a job that allows a very good amount of time for a lunch break. So much in fact that I’ll regularly head down to a cafe (I really don’t know ifs it a cafe but it’s about pretty small so yeah) and sit and have something while with the time I have for the break. Keep in mind, for some reason this place is almost always busy.

It just so happened that today a woman (early-mid 20sF?) came inside with a baby and it was so busy that it looked like there was only like 2 open seats available, 1 of which happened to be the sit across from my small table. This women asked if she can sit at the table. The other table was under the air conditioner so understandable. I said yes because what harm would it have done otherwise? So a little bit goes by and her baby starts crying, so she takes a breast out and starts breastfeeding. Obviously I’m just avoiding all eye contact but it got so uncomfortable that I ended up asking if she might be able to see if she can sit at the other table. I’m just trying to sit here, drink this cup of coffee, finish reading in my portfolio and leave. The woman looked sorry and really just said she couldn’t and the baby was already eating (feeding?, idk) so I just downed the coffee, and started to leave. A few people looked at me like I was a douche and it’s been bothering me. I know it’s a natural thing for baby’s and moms and that there’s nothing I can do. I wasn’t going to try and force her away so I left. Was it to far to ask if she may have sat at the other table. Idk I feel like I was an asshole thinking about it now. But I just didn’t know what to say when a random women is breastfeeding 3 feet away.

Was I the asshole here?So my wife's friend has a wedding coming up this Sunday that is a few hours away from where we live. The bride is a close friend of my wife's from college but I've only met her a handful of times and to be honest she kind of sucks. When we RSVP'd a year ago I wasn't exactly thrilled to be traveling three hours and spending hundreds of dollars for someone I don't even really like.

The other thing is that when I RSVP'd a year ago the NFL schedule wasn't out. I know that sounds silly but for anyone who follows football this is a special, special week in sports history because Tom Brady is returning to play the New England Patriots. (For the Brits/non sports people: Tom Brady was the quarterback for the New England Patriots for 20 seasons and won 6 "championships" with them. He won a "championship" last year in his first season with Tampa Bay and has yet to return to New England. Until this Sunday).

I won't get further into the drama (GOAT vs rookie QB, the Brady/Belichick debate) but suffice to say this game is monumental and is going to be quite literally historical. A once in a lifetime game for any football fan and especially for a diehard Patriots fan like myself. I can't miss it.

To be honest I totally forgot about the wedding day until a few weeks ago and when I realize the date I was devastated but I didn't know how to approach the wife. I knew it would look bad so last week I reached out to her gay best friend Tito and asked if he had any plans for this Sunday. He didn't and was actually thrilled at the idea of accompanying my wife as a plus one cause he loves dancing.

So I floated this to her. And she flipped her shit. She told me it was rude and disrespectful and also downplayed the importance of the game just like I knew she would. I told her Tito was happy to attend   but she just gawked at me then started crying.

I know I \*look\* like the asshole here but am I? I'm not friends with the bride, my wife is, and watching Brady growing up has effected my life more than the bride ever has or ever will. I also get that bailing on a wedding costs the bride and groom money so to prevent that I went out of my way to find a replacement. I told my wife she could tell the bride I was sick and nobody's gonna question that these days but she's still livid.

So AITA? Or am I falling victim to a belief system that simply views football as a stupid game and nothing more? Like I said, this game is literally once in a lifetime, something I'd tell my kids about.

edit: I'm not going to the game I'm watching on tv. And for those suggesting I tape it I could but that's not practical in the social media age. Also I obviously care about my wife just not the bride.My girlfriend (22f) and I (24m) have been together for about 3 years, and I decided around 5 months ago that I wanted to propose. We share a dog and a home so it seemed the next logical step. 

She’s hugely into jewellery, so I wanted to get her a really sentimental ring. At the end of September, her grandma suddenly passed away and as my girlfriend was the only granddaughter, she was passed down her wedding ring. Her and her grandma were extremely close, so I decided to ask her mom (her grandma was her dads mom) if she thought it’d be a good idea for me to use one of the diamonds in the ring for my girlfriends engagement ring. She told me that as much as she loved the idea, she didn’t know if my girlfriend would, and so told me to think about it. 

I couldn’t find anything else I liked as much. My girlfriend didn’t wear the ring as she was worried about losing it, so kept it in a box in a drawer, making it easy for me to take without her realising. It ended up being a beautiful ring, and I thought she’d absolutely love the sentiment of it. 

Well, I proposed. She said yes immediately and was absolutely elated, until she saw the ring. She told me I’d practically vandalised and ruined the only meaningful thing of her grandmothers that she had and that I should have asked. I went to her mom for support, but she just kept saying she warned me that my girlfriend might not like the idea. She said yes to my proposal but refuses to wear the ring, which I just think is disrespectful considering how much money and thought went into it. AITA?[removed]This is a long story. My (35M) husband (37M) married to a woman when he was in his early 20's , mostly because his conservative family expected him to do so, and at the time, he thought he would never come out of the closet. Nevertheless , 4 years later, when she was pregnant with their second son ( eldest daughter was barely 3), he couldn't take it anymore and told her his real orientation. The scandal was big, he was shunned from both families and had to literally escape to a city on the other side of the country, my city by the way.  

My husband spent years trying to keep contact with his ex, trying to be involved with the kids and pay child support, but her hate (which I find understandable) was so big that she didn't want anything to do with him, and she didn't want the kids to even know him. We had been together for some months when he got a mail from a lawyer that actually asked for him to surrender his parental rights so that his ex's new husband could adopt the kids. He is not good with confrontation, and by this point he had already accepted that he had lost his kids, so he signed the papers.  

This was 7 yeas ago. Since then, we have made our own life. And honestly, is a very good one. We both have good paying jobs we like, we have a lot of free time, we travel around the world, we have three beautfiful dogs, a good apartment. Call it the trauma, but he doesn't want kids and nor do I. 

And here is the problem. Recently, both his ex and her husband died (not really sure what happened) and her sister, the aunt of the kids, got the custody. She doesn't want them, and it seems no one in the family does. Nor his ex's, not his own, not the one of the new husband. According to my husband, is not out of malice but because they don't have money and they have their own kids to attend to.  

So, the aunt wanted to "return" the kids to their biological dad. We contacted our lawyer and to put it simply, we can refuse. There is no legal obligation and while my husband could use his "bio" status to recover the paternal rights, there is no way they can force him to do it. We sent our answer and the storm came upon us.  

Online bullying, hateful phonecalls and messages, all from the kid's family. The main idea is that he is a deadbeat and a horrible human being for leaving his children, specially when we have all the resources to do so. On our side...well, it's sad they are now orphans, but we are speaking about a 10F that doesn't remember his face and a 7M that never met him, both going through a very difficult lost and in no way fit for moving to a new city far away from everything they know.  

Even if we wanted kids and were willing to entirely change our lifestyle for them, they are the worst option I can imagine.  

We are both on the same page here, but the constant attacks ( that we have managed to partially stop) has made our mind uneasy. So that why we came here to ask if we are really being the assholes in all of this.[removed]So I (18f) am a transracial adoptee. I am half Indian and half Ashkenazi Jewish while my adopters are white. My adopters were ok growing up. They never abused me but I never really bonded with them. It felt like being raised by strangers. When I was 15 I found bio mom on Facebook and told her who I was. She messaged me back and said that she was so happy to hear from me and if I would be interested in having a Skype call. Well I found out that her and my bio dad are actually still together and married. So I was able to meet him. So we started making contact again and opened the adoption. I confided a lot in my bio parents about how alone I felt growing up. One day when I was talking with my mom I was feeling really emotional and I asked why she ever put me up for adoption in the first place and I told her how much it hurt to feel unwanted by her. She cried and told me she loved me. She told me how when she met my adoptive “parents” she was looking for an open adoption and my adopters agreed to it. When I was born my bio mom did skin to skin with me and knew that she wanted to keep me. But my adoptive “mom” convinced her to still place me. She told my bio mom said they would allow visitation and that she would still get to be in my life. My adopters closed the adoption after a year. I confronted my adoptive “parents” about it and they broke down crying they told me how much they loved me and how scared they were that they would lose me. It ended with them saying that they would let my parents visit and that we should get family therapy. However I still have no attachment to them. I honestly don’t think of them as my parents or my family. The only people who hold that title in my heart are my bio fam. Well that was all 3 years ago and since then I go to college near where my bio parents and extended bio family live and I am living with my bio parents. I have also started referring to my bio parents as my mom and dad and calling my adoptive “parents” by their first names. This is a source of arguments between me and adoptive “parents” because to them there worst fear of losing me has come true. The latest argument is over the fact that I changed my name. My adoptive “parents” gave me a white name and used the traditional desi name my bio parents wanted to name me as a middle name. I changed my name so that my middle name became my first name, and my middle name is the name of my bio grandmother who I have also established a relationship with. I also changed my last name to be the same as bio dad’s. My “parents” threw a fit over it and at that moment I realized I get no happiness from being around my adopters and it only brings me stress. I am not their daughter and never was. So I told my adopters that I could not have contact with them any more and they lost it. Now my entire adoptive “family” is messaging me on social media to tell me what an asshole I am. Aita?

Edit: I wanted to add since a lot of people are confused I met my bio parents at 15 and they have been in my life for the last three years. We have had many visits as well as weekly and sometimes daily calls and facetimes. I also have a relationship with the rest of my bio family especially my bio paternal grandparents as well as a strong relationship with my cousins on my mother’s side. At 15 I started both family and personal therapy with my adoptive parents. I stopped family therapy at 18 but I am continuing personal therapy to work through my feelings. I want you to know that I am taking what you all have said to heart and am going to discuss it with my counselor. But please stop sending me death threats and telling me you hope I kill myself or that I get a disease.My husband and I live in an upstairs 3 bedroom flat and the flat below us is the same lay out. The house has been for sale for awhile and recently a woman bought it. It turns out she doesn't have any children so I found it strange she bought a 3 bedroom house but I soon found out it's because she runs a craft business from home and needs 2 bedrooms to run it. The problem is unfortunately she has decided to use to main bedroom, which is below us as her main craft room. 

At first it was fine as she hadn't fully moved in but now it's driving me crazy. She's in that room almost all day and I can hear her walking about and the faint noise of machines. I don't spend long in my bedroom during the day but when I do go in it just annoys me knowing she's there constantly. Like why can't she have picked the smaller bedrooms since she knows the kids are at school all day? She always stops using her embroidery and sewing machines by 7pm but she's told me she can sit up until 10pm some nights finishing off orders which plays on my mind. I go to bed at 9pm and I can't sleep for hours as I lie there listening for her every move. Just knowing she's awake and walking about drives me crazy as I find it so selfish someone would buy a flat and work from home. 

My husband says he can barely hear a thing during the day and I need to calm down. He also doesn't see the big deal about her using her house as she pleases. Yesterday I finally had enough and went to her door. I told her how I was feeling about everything and how I can hear the faint noise of her machines. She apologized and invited me inside to show me her set up. All her machines are on some sort of anti vibration padding to stop as much noise as possible so she claims the noise should be minimal and that you need to expect some noise from neighbours. I told her I don't make any noise and that's when things took a turn as she said she can hear my kids running around and jumping off furniture all evening but she would never dream of complaining because it's just one of those things when you share a building with other people. I left before I said anything else I regretted and I thought that was the end of it but today my husband came home from working overnight and asked if I had said anything to the woman downstairs as she was very cold and blunt with him when he said hello. I told him what happened and he said I'm a massive asshole. I've spoken to a couple of my friends who think I've handled this completely wrong and I'm a bit of an asshole for it but I don't see what else I could have done


My f33 sister f34 has been struggling with infirtility for years. She and my brother in law resorted to so many options including trying rounds of I.V.F. this is costly so as a result a number of I.V.F cycles had cost them a lot and none of them worked. My sister and brother in law were advised to take break seeing the physical and emotional and financial toll this unsuccesful I.V.F treatment has had on them but my sister wanted to try one more time before she enters her mid thirties where her chances are lower.


My parents refused to give her any more money so she came over to my place where she had a mental breakdown begging me to help. I decided to help her out and helped pay by pulling 13k from my husband and mine's shared account. My husband was out of town for days and I didn't go out of my way to tell him after he missed my initial call before going forth and giving my sister the money.

I brought it with him on the phone later and he blew up at me saying I shouldn't have made such decision and taken money out of our joint account without consulting him first but I said I tried calling and he didn't pick up the first time but he said still I shouldn't have made any moves til I had talked to him first then said he didn't agree that I gave a huge sum of money that he worked hard for given the fact he contributes 70% to this account and said I messed up big time. I tried to explain my sister's situation and how this was an emergency and assured him she'd return the money but he said no she won't since she doesn't even have job, same with her husband and said I shouldn't support their bad decision to want a baby when they're broke to negin with. I had an argument with him and said he was acting cruel and unsupportive of my family but he corrected me saying he's not a doormat and he worked hard for the money that I had no problem giving away without even telling him but that is my sister and I felt obligated to help her out yet he refused to understand that.

That was the last time we spoke, he demanded I take the money back asap but I haven't responded to him yet. AITA or was he?My (f38) husband (m48) has a child from an affair he had a couple years ago. I forgave my husband but I can not force myself to see his son as my stepson. The custody arraignment is that my husband has him every other week , Christmas and most Christmas vacation this year, falls on the days that he has him. I have an annual trip that me and few of the other  housewives put together for all of families. His ex-mistress, Leah  is refusing to take him for just this week I told her she’s being selfish and that she should want to spend Christmas with her son she said that so should my husband . My husband agreed with me so we decided we would drop him and his presents off to my MIL. When Leah found out she was furious she said I’m  being selfish I told her she’s the last one to be talking about being selfish and she has so control over what my husband does with the child during the time he has custody of him. My oldest daughter (f18) told me she agrees with Leah and that there’s no reason why he’s being punished for their affair . I told her to stay in a child’s place and that if she keeps this up she’ll be joining  him
  
EDIT
I changed the ages to protect their identity my husband is 48 (meaning he was in his 20s when we got together not 39. Leah is 27My gf and I were talking about getting engaged and I wanted her to be happy with her engagement ring so I took her to a local jewellers. She picked out a $2,600 ring with a lab grown diamond which thankfully was cheaper than the real thing. But it was still insanely expensive for a ring. We agreed on saving to retire early but now she wants a crazy expensive ring?! She told me she wants that one since it will be forever she doesn’t want to settle for a less nice ring. I tried to convince her to go for a cheaper ring and she wouldn’t go for it. I went back the jeweller and the lady said they could do one with quartz for $1200 less so it would be $1400. I thought that would be fine since it was exactly the same. I proposed with the quartz ring and she looked super happy and accepted. I didn’t conceal that it was quartz but I didn’t tell her at the proposal either,if she wants to marry me a ring that looks exactly the same but with a different stone shouldn’t be the dealbreaker. Well she lost some weight this summer and went back to the jeweller to get it refitted and found out from them that it was a diamond. She was super angry and said I lied to her. I told her she got the receipt (but it didn’t say the ring with diamond) and it was $1400 so did she think it was a diamond at that price? She said I totally overpaid for a quartz ring and I told her it was because she was pressuring me to get the style she wanted that I had to pay whatever the jeweller wanted for that style of ring since I couldn’t find it elsewhere. She has been extremely cold to me the last few days.I am 32F, my husband Jack is 36M. We have Lydia (5F), Carol (2F) and Solomon (8 monthsM) together. Jack has Enephrine (8F) from a different marriage.

It's our last week of summer before the kids start school, so we decided to rent a lovely little beach cottage for the week. It's a common theme in my family to take Christmas card photos while on vacations, so naturally I wanted to take the photos while we were away!

Here's the problem. Jack is white, but Enephrine's mom is black and she turned out looking very, very much like her. I don't care what race she is and love her just the same as any of my bio kids. My parents, however, are pretty racist. I'm limited contact with them for several reasons so they've never met Enephrine, but we're on Christmas card terms. I don't want to send them a card that Enephrine is on because they *will* make a fuss about the (certain word with a hard r) child. So my plan was to take a picture with just me, husband, and bio kids for my parents and a couple other relatives, then have her be in the picture for Jack's family and our friends.

But when I called picture time and told Enephrine she wasn't going to be in this picture but the next one, she started to look upset. I did let her take our picture which lifted her spirits, and we got some lovely pictures with her too. We also got some ice cream and she hasn't been upset beyond that initial moment.

The trouble came later when Jack asked why I didn't want Enephrine in the photo. He said he thought it was maybe so I could get one with all my kids. I didn't want to lie to him so I told him why, because I don't want Enephrine to be exposed to people who could potentially emotionally hurt her. Just like that he went from being understanding to pissed. And I guess he said, "she didn't want you in her picture because you're black" or something like that to his daughter, and now she's upset with me too.

I really wasn't trying to hurt her in any way, I did this out of care and love. But I think I could have done it in a wrong way. Aita, reddit?This happened on Thanksgiving.

My SIL and her husband always host dinner. They have a 14 year old son (Chase) while my wife and I have 2 kids ( 8 Betty, and 3 Sarah).  During making the meal, my SIL sent Chase to the corner store for some milk.   When he came back, he had two bags of sweets with him. My kids immediately wanted some and asked. Chase told them no. I told him that he shouldn't have brought sweets into the house without expecting to share with his cousins. Sarah in particular started throwing a bit of a fit the sweets were her favorite. I told him again to share. Chase told me no, went to his room and hide the sweets.

At this point he was being immature so I told him to get the sweets and I would give them out after dinner. My brother said to leave Chase alone, he doesn't have to share. I pointed out that he caused Sarah to have a tantrum. He was sent to get milk not sweets.

Sarah eventually calmed down but after the dinner, she went into another meltdown cause Chase opened the sweets and again didn't share. Not one. I called Chase selfish over this but he just went to his room and locked the door. We tried giving her slices of cake and pie but she continued to have a meltdown till my SIL asked us to just leave cutting the visit short. We ended up stopped at a store to buy her some sweets.

I don't think it was much to ask for Chase to share with his younger cousins.

AITA?

Edit: let me clear up some confusion. Chase bought the milk and sweets with his own money but that doesn't change the fact he shouldn't have brought the sweets into the house around his small cousins. Everyone knows you don't show sweets to small children if you don't intend to share them cause they are going to ask. If my wife or I came into the house with something sweet, we share with them or the kids have enough to share. [removed]

For context, I (32M) have never been comfortable around children. As long as they leave me alone, I can be in the same area as them for a while, but I do not want to interact with them much. (I have some younger nieces and nephews, and have gotten used to them because they are family, but I still don’t care to be around them for extended periods of time).

This past week I was out with a couple of my friends at a sit-down restaurant . Shortly after we were seated, a family with a young boy (probably about 5) was seated at the table next to us. I was dismayed, but I decided I was not going to show my frustration. However, the boy was very noisy from almost the moment he sat down, and his parents did not seem like they were trying to keep him quiet . As the evening went on, I got more and more angry at this disruption of what should have been a pleasant evening with friends. Eventually the boy started getting out of his chair and running around his table. At one point I decided to excuse myself to the restroom, and that’s when it happened. 

As I got up and started toward the restroom, the kid was out of his chair. I was walking past the table and he, not paying attention, ran out and bumped into my leg. At that point I snapped and shouted at him “Get away from me, you stupid idiot!” He started crying and ran to his mom. Both of his parents started yelling at me, saying how dare call their precious children idiot. I yelled back saying that they should control their child better and that someone could have gotten hurt. As we argued, everyone in the restaurant started looking at us, and eventually a manager came over and threatened to kick us out. By this point the evening was ruined, and my friends and I just paid our checks and left.

My friends told me later they thought I was an asshole for going off like I did. I think maybe I should not have said what I did, but I was frustrated that the parents of the child just let him disrupt everything. What do you think? AITA?EDIT: I tried to fix the grammar mistakes forgive me I don’t speak English well.  I’m from Spain 



I (f29) and my boyfriend (m41) have been together for almost 3 months.My family doesn’t like him due to his history with my sister (35). Bur that was years ago and both have moved on . Their hatred for him skyrocketed when he tried to get full custody of his child . We have a trip that we do every year when we go to NYC i was invited but was under instruction not to bring my boyfriend. I thought this was unfair since both his girlfriend and his child would be there . They said it’s to avoid drama but he went the last 2 Christmas despite already being divorced to my sister . My sister is already engaged to a great man (40)so she’s clearly over it . I told them if he’s not allowed to come  I won’t. they said if I don’t they’ll give my ticket to my sisters future stepdaughter (f19-20 idk) . I blocked them on everything. I love my family but I don’t think I should put them over my boyfriend .**EDIT: You were all right. I am the asshole and I posted an update here:** [https://www.reddit.com/user/bigbrotherAITA/comments/q1xfmi/update\_aita\_for\_accidentally\_making\_my\_brother\_cry/](https://www.reddit.com/user/bigbrotherAITA/comments/q1xfmi/update_aita_for_accidentally_making_my_brother_cry/)

\------------------------ Original Post Below ------------------------

I know it sounds bad, but I'm not really sure how to feel about it.

For backstory, I'm 17 and my brother (I'll call him Ethan, not his real name) is 10. Ever since COVID hit, he's been super annoying and always wanting to spend time with me. I can understand this to a certain degree, as not being able to see his friends as much has made him turn to me more for friendship. But we don't like any of the same things so it's really hard to relate to him or want to spend time with him. I'm into reading philosophy and listening to classic rock. Ethan likes to play Fortnite and is obsessed with TikTok and rappers like Travis Scott... anyways, my mom has noticed that he's been trying to spend more time with me so every Sunday she makes me take him to get lunch or ice cream at one of the neighborhood restaurants. I kind of think it's a waist of time because it's not gonna lead to a friendship or anything (because we are so different), but sometimes we've had a laugh or two on these Sunday lunches.

Anyways, onto the story. Yesterday we were eating lunch at the diner and my biggest crush in school walks in and sees us. Immediately I was already embarrased to be seen with him, but I tried to keep my cool. My crush comes over and asks if she can sit down and I say yes. She chats a bit with me and then tries to get to know my little bro. She asks what he likes to do and he tells her "I really like playing Fortnite and watching Marvel Movies." At this point I'm rolling my eyes because I doubt my crush even knows what any of that stuff is. She says "Oh thats so cool" or something like that but I can tell she's forcing it. I try to change the subject but she keeps going back to Ethan for some reason. Eventually she starts asking about his friends and he says "Well my best friend in the world is my brother" and looks over at me and I just wanted to sink in my seat. Idk what came over me but I said angrily "We're not friends, I'm only hanging out with you because I have to".

Of course, he starts to cry and embarassing both of us. My crush wasn't really saying anything. So I made something up about needing to bring him home and I walked back home with him. He told my mom what happened and my mom grounded me (I'm literally 17 and she is still grounding me). And she said she was disappointed in me for not being nicer to my brother.

So I do feel guilty about making him cry but I do think he should grow up a bit and rely on his own friends, rather than clinging to me and trying to embarass me in front of someone I like. Am i the asshole?I have a bit of a complicated relationship with my husband's family. MIL claims she likes me but i don't think she does. She also claims she loves and adores her grandchildren, but will do pretty much anything to avoid spending time with them. As a result the relationship is pretty strained and we only see her for holidays and the occasional family dinner.

I don't really like doing holidays at MILs house because it is so formal. Everyone dresses super nice, hair and makeup is perfect. MIL pretty much lives for this stuff. Despite the annoying dress code my husband gets to see his siblings, my kids get to see their cousins, and MIL mostly ignores us anyway.

This year is our year to spend Christmas with the in laws and I have been getting annoyed about the clothing aspect for months. It just seems so silly to me and almost like a weird competition between the women in the family. I broached the topic to MIL and she said holidays are supposed to be special and my generation is so lazy. That annoyed me, so I talked to some of the younger women who also have small kids. One SIL said I was ruining Christmas. One kind of agreed but said it wasn't worth the fight with her mom.

MIL called me recently and demanded to know why I was talking behind her back to her guests. I explained I was just trying to see how people felt about it, because to me the formal attire is just another layer of stress and it is spiraling into some sad beauty pageant (I've heard MIL make comments about she has to look perfect because so and so is coming) MIL said it was tacky of me to ask around and I need to stop trying to change their family and I'm so rude and entitled for thinking I get to make changes when I just married in. This pissed me off and I said she can wear whatever, but I will be coming in sweats and my kids will be in play clothes. MIL actually laughed and said that would be my problem, not hers. 

My husband says if I do it I will embarrass him, though I'm seriously thinking of doing it and MIL is still pissy that I talked to her guests "behind her back"My (f57) son (m28) recently approached me upset about something his sister (f30) told him about the past that she is apparently still resentful of (although she has never spoken to me about it).

My daughter has always been anxious and from a young age (5ish) did a lot of weird rituals to make herself feel better.  These rituals often required my husband and I to participate and we generally went along with it to make her happy. In middle school she stopped this habit but developed a new one where she would lie frequently to me and my husband. At one point she was almost a month behind in school and when her teacher reached out we were blindsided because she’d been deceiving us that everything was fine (she would also lie about things like who she was with or having a bf and was very secretive)

When she was in grade 7 I saw on our computer browser that she’d been googling ocd. I questioned her about it and she said she thought she had it and wanted to go to the doctor, using her childhood habits as proof. I felt that she was lying again to excuse her school performance and we told her ‘no

She intermittently argued about it with us for 2 years. At that point I discovered by reading her journal she’d also gone behind our backs to the guidance counsellor at school  and told the woman we wouldn’t help her. I grounded her for lying again but a few months later we did take her to the doctor. She has more or lesss been in treatment since then.

My son recently asked me if I really “denied her medical treatment”. To me she is making it sound like I was negligent when really she was a liar and that’s why we didn’t take her initiallly. We have paid for specialists and supported her for years and I think she is putting all the blame on me/making me look bad to my son nand not taking responsibility.

I am upset with her sneaky behaviour and want to confront her but my husband said to leave it. My daughter had a wonderful childhood and I hate that she is complaining about the past behind my back— we did our best and we did help her. She has never mentioned anything to me about still being resentful.To summarize, I (32F) got into an argument over something ridiculous and now everyone's mad at me. 

When my sister (26F) was 17, she got pregnant and had a baby girl. Obviously since she was young, she wasn't exactly ready to raise a kid, but my family did the best we could to help her out. She currently has a stable job and is living with her child and the child's father in their own apartment. The issue is that since she had the baby so young, she never got to really experience her life. I'm childfree and am always enjoying new life experiences and I know my sister is jealous of me for it. 

The other day I came over for her daughter's birthday party and we were talking about her as a baby. At one point we started to argue about how she was raised and I said, "Don't you ever think your life would've been better if she had never been born?" It turns out her daughter was in earshot of this so she heard everything and got really upset. My sister got defensive and said that her child was the best thing to ever happen to her, called me an AH, and kicked me out of the party. She blocked my number and won't talk to me at all now.

My mom is saying I should apologize but my dad agrees with me on this, and says my sister was overreacting. Maybe I was a bit too aggressive when I said it but I know what I said is true. AITA for what I did?I work as a security guard. I was scheduled to start working at this new store today, starting from 10AM - which I guess is when the store opens. I get there at exactly 10AM, and ask to place my belongings in the backroom. I was in the room for a few minutes max, and then came back out to man the door. However, in that time I guess many customers had already come in and one of the sales staff had to play security.  
On my lunch break, the manager of the store approached me and asked if next time I could come to a little bit earlier next time so that by the time I put all my belongings down I can be in front of the store at 10AM. I told her no, that if I'm rostered to start at 10AM then I will show up at 10AM, and that if they want me to come earlier then the store would have to arrange that with the security company. I'm not getting paid to come earlier so I really don't see why I'm required to.  
She got huffy with me and said that the sales staff aren't trained to be security, and with the popularity of the store every morning there will be people lining up waiting to go inside, and that I needed to be here earlier because of that. She said that it really wasn't hard to come a few minutes earlier, and that it wasn't fair to come "just on time". I know it's not hard to come a little earlier, but I feel it's more about the principle - if you want someone to come earlier then make that clear through the hours.  
I told her such and she just sighed and walked away. We didn't talk for the rest of the day.  


So AITA for coming into work "just on time"?I am a mom of two girls, Sierra (12) and Emily (10). Both of my girls had absolutely beautiful curls that went down to about waist length. I've never personally been able to grow mine out that long so I just could never bear to get theirs cut. Emily has never complained but it started bugging Sierra when she was about nine and decided to join the local girls' soccer team. She needed to have it tied back but because it's also rather thick, her snaps would continuously break and it was a hassle. She wanted to have it all cut back then until we managed to work out a solid way to braid her hair so that it wouldn't keep coming loose, and she stopped complaining about it. 

Two weeks ago, there was an incident at school where a kid stuck a bunch of loose pieces of paper in Sierra's hair. It was a major deal as Sierra got very upset and I had to go in and talk to the school about it. Unfortunately, Sierra's a *very* shy kid and that's been giving her a lot of issues since she's started middle school. The school promised to deal with it, but when we were leaving, Sierra asked if I'd take her to the hairdresser's and get her hair cut. I told her no and she just about had a meltdown, telling me that she was sick of having the other kids mess with her hair and didn't even want it anyways and I didn't listen to her. She was pouty for the rest of the weekend until she and Emily went to their father's for the week, and Sierra came back with most of her hair gone. It was cut to a little above chin length.

Of course, I wasn't happy. I called my ex and he acted as though I was in the wrong, saying that I obviously didn't care about Sierra if I let this go on this long. I did take Sierra's tablet for going behind my back over this, but I otherwise have talked this out with my ex and avoided getting too far into it with her because I don't want another meltdown.

Sierra was at tears during pickup today, telling me that the other kids have been telling her she looks like a boy. I obviously comforted her, but I told her that the haircut was her decision, I'd advised her against it, and now she has to deal with the consequences of her own actions. She got very upset with me and stormed off to lock herself in her room when we got home. She won't come out for a meal or speak to me, and I think I might have been a little harsh. I only wanted her to consider her actions, not to make her upset. AITA?
To start I want to mention that unlike my wife I have a very good relationship with mom. And because my siblings can always afford pricy gifts for mom this year I decided to gift her something nice and expensive for once on Christmas though I'm currently unemployed but I work for the past few months and my wife and I have a joint account.


The problem began when my wife found out I purchased a $600 dollar necklace for my mom to gift her on Christmas using our joint account- She went off on me saying I should've told her and shouldn't have taken money from our joint account that she uses to pay the bills and rent especially now that were struggling. I asked why should I tell her since it's for us both but she reminded me that despite that being true (1. I no longer work and (2. 600 is a lot and I should've consulted her but the reasons i didn't are (1. I feel that it's my money too and I can make purchases using our joint account and (2. I know if I told my wife she'd refuse to let my buy the gift solely because she hates my mom. She yelled at me saying that is her hard earn money I threw away and needed to return the necklace but i refused because mom already knows about it. She responded that this is no longer our joint account since I no longer earn money and that if I want to gift mom expensive items then needed to earn money. She insisted I return it but I said no and it escelated to me calling her bitter and control after she pointed out I never got her anything in this price range.


She's insisting I return it and at least get a cheaper one but I'm done being the one with the least expensive/valubale gifts to gift in the family. She is making this her hill to die on. Aita?[removed]I have two kids, a son Ben (44) and a daughter Emma (42F).
Their father and I divorced when they were young.  He wasn’t a good husband but he isn’t a bad man.  He is wealthy.  He didn’t bond with Emma and he favored Ben.  It became overt as they grew up.  Ben was easier than Emma and did well in school and sports.  Emma, although smart, wasn’t interested in school and was rebellious as a teenager.

Their father spoiled Ben and, if I’m honest, he wasn’t nice to Emma.  This upset her and she would cry, feeling unfairly treated.  I felt bad but I couldn’t do anything about it so felt it better to pretend it wasn’t happening and hope it got better. It didn’t, he wanted nothing to do with her although there wasn’t a reason why.  

Emma struggled to cope with this and I think expected me to stand up for her but I hate confrontation and her father never listens to me anyway.  I preferred not to discuss it with Emma and focus on other things but she said I didn’t allow her to be upset and didn’t validate her.  I didn’t want to potentially cause a bigger rift and cause Ben to side with his father.  Ben, on the other hand was lavished with anything he wanted, money, cars.  He was expected to be successful like his father.

As adults the relationship between Ben and Emma fizzled out which was sad but I couldn’t do anything about it.  Despite being given a large amount of wealth and more opportunities than most, Ben hasn’t become successful and he is quite resentful about it.  His father stopped giving him money a few years ago and he partially blames me because I told his father that he had given him too much.  Despite being an easy child, Ben has grown up to be rather difficult, he has a temper and is very sensitive about his lack of career success, so we aren’t allowed to talk about it.

Emma is a stay at home mom.  She’s a good mom and her children’s father earns a lot of money.  Her father was regretful so he reconnected with her.  They have a relationship, its quite superficial but I think it healed the wound a bit for Emma so she reached out to Ben.

They got along well for couple years but Ben stopped speaking to Emma.  Emma was upset and thinks it’s because Ben doesn’t like their father’s interest in her.  Ben hasn’t given her an explanation but he told me a silly reason, that doesn’t make sense.

I told Emma I think Ben has behaved very badly.  She asked me if I told him that.  I said no and she shouted at me that I have never stuck up for her or protected her and if I can’t do it this one time she doesn’t want a relationship with me.  That I enable this behavior at her expense and she’s sick and tired of it.  The thing is Emma has 3 kids and Ben has 1 kid.  Emma will still allow me to have a good relationship with her kids but Ben has made it difficult for me to see his kid in the past when he is angry so I’m afraid he will do that again and stop speaking to me.  I also don’t want to be forced to be in the middle of them so I won’t do it.  AITA?I (25F) have two children, my son (4) and my daughter (2). Raising two children at a young age has been really difficult, however, I was able to graduate from college with a good degree and start a career that I am happy with. Despite this, the struggle of trying to juggle the responsibility of looking after my kids and focusing on my career is stressful to say the very least. My fiancé (26) also works full time, which only compounds the issue. Up until now, my parents have been watching my children on Saturday nights so me and my fiancé can have time to ourselves. My parents are retired.

I was recently offered a promotion at work. While I enjoy my new position, it involves me working more hours, which only makes my home life more difficult. I told my parents that I'd really appreciate it if they could watch my kids on Tuesday and Thursday nights as well, so as to alleviate my stress levels. However, they refused, saying that they're doing "more than enough" by looking after my kids on a Saturday night. We had an argument after this, where my parents threatened to stop watching my kids on Saturday night. This annoyed me, and I responded by saying that if they're going to put me in a compromising position, then they're not going to come to my wedding.

We haven't spoken since, and I've had to look after my kids on Saturday night, which has been stressful for both me and my fiancé. I feel as though that since they're retired, there's nothing wrong with asking them to pull their weight more and help me out with my kids. Am I missing something?

AITA?Some important details -

My wife is very shy but enjoys giving and is all gung ho about showing appreciation to workers she assume aren't appreciated or recognized.  she tries to pass these beliefs onto our kids. 

because she's too silent to show her appreciation she does it through gifts, usually baked goods.

I've been embarrassed about it in the past.

our oldest rode the school bus for the first time. my wife was waiting at the stop with our daughter and had her hand the bus driver a bag of homemade cookies. then when she picked her up from the stop in the afternoon, she gave a bag to the afternoon driver. I asked why she did that when she could easily have just said thank you and left it at that. she said the bus drivers work so hard having to comfort all the nervous kids and handling the unbehaved one while driving they deserve more than a thanks. I reminded her that this has embarrassed me in the past and I think her behaviors are too extreme. I wouldn't want gifts from someone I don't know. she ignored how I felt. I contacted some people in my life to see if I was just the crazy one here and most of my friends and my mom agree, my wife's way of showing thanks just makes everyone uncomfortable.  AITA?I (31f) have been married to Dan (39m) for 7 years and have Nick together (4m). Dan has a daughter Mel (11f) who's mother passed away during childbirth. We met when Mel was 1.

&#x200B;

Mels grandparents Tim and Kim (maternal) used to not be a part of our lives. They never supported my relationship with Dan. They told Mel I was trying to replace her, I didn't love her, and other comments. Dan decided to go nc as he didn't like how they treated us in front of Mel and how Mel began replicating that behaviour. Last Christmas we all reconciled due to world events occurring. During this time, Tim and Kim only brought presents for Mel and Dan. Me and my parents were also present and we both bought presents for them but it wasn't reciprocated. Nick noticed that his sister and dad got a present but he didn't. I didn't like the behaviour and knew as he got older it'll become more apparent and I don't want him experiencing that. Me and Dan sat down with them to explain how we felt but they just acted surprised. I suggested we lay down boundaries and how we'd like to approach any gift-giving holidays to be better prepared in the future. We agreed that for birthdays and Christmas' we'd give gifts to everyone and it was the thought that counted.

&#x200B;

Throughout this year, Tim and Kim only bought gifts for Dan and Mels birthday. My birthday was in March and Nick was born in April but we didn't receive anything, not even a card. Sent a text asking if everything was alright but they said they were busy and wished us a happy birthday. For Kim's birthday, my parents let them stay in their second home so they could go on vacation. They took my parents up on that offer yet when my parents birthdays came up, they didn't receive a gift or text. At this stage we were all pretty frustrated and my parents felt like they were taken advantage of as Tim and Kim were only nice to them until after their holiday.

&#x200B;

Last week Tim and Kim came to drop off presents for the kids as they had been exposed and wanted the presents with us in case they couldn't come over. They dropped off two boxes, both labelled Mel. I texted assuming that they'd accidentally written Mels name twice and asked which was which but they told me both were for Mel. I asked where Nicks present was but they said they weren't giving him one, no explanation. I was fuming so told Dan the situation before responding. We told them that we would not be giving Mel the presents from them unless Nick got one as it wasn't fair and we'd already agreed to gift everyone gifts. They claimed that wasn't fair and we were showing favouritism, and how we could we withhold a gift from an innocent child. I then said that I'd rewrap it and claim it was from Santa. They posted on facebook about how I was favouriting my child and punishing their grandchild for not reason, this was met with criticism directed towards me.

&#x200B;

update AITA answered. Will talk to Dan about giving Mel her gifts on Christmas and also show him this thread. [removed][removed]My parents have a great relationship...well that's what I thought before what happened.

My (14F) parents usually have friends over and always tell me I'm free to have friends over. So it wasn't a surprise when I unlocked the front door and could hear my dad and another woman in the kitchen. Since my dad usually calls my name when he hears me opening the door, I thought he probably didn't think I was home yet. I walked to the kitchen to greet my dad but then I saw it. He kissed the woman on the cheek, a woman that isn't mom. Both of them were turned, facing away from the door so they didn't see me. My dad proceeded to flirt with the woman until I threw my bag on the ground to get their attention. They pulled apart and dad called out if that was me. I walked into the kitchen and greeted him and the woman then I locked myself in my room for the rest of the afternoon.

I only came out when my mom came home. I helped my mom put away her things and put her weekly flowers in a vase before turning to her and telling her what I saw. She stayed quiet for a moment then told me that she'll take care of it and that I shouldn't worry about it anymore.

A few days go by and nothing happens. There was no fight, no arguments, no sour faces at each other, no DIVORCE. Nothing that would usually happen to cheaters in movies and stuff. It pissed me off how my mom could continue to joke with my dad after what he did and still cook for him. Yesterday after dinner when my dad went to bed I went at her demanding to know what's wrong with her and how she could go on living a life with dad who cheated. She sighed and told me to drop it but I didn't I asked her why she wasn't getting a divorce and why she was putting up with my pos dad. She glared at me and told me to watch my tone and to not disrespect my dad. Finally I yelled at her asking why she was defending him and she told me that she'd explain everything once I cooled down.

I told my brother (17) the whole story so he could know the truth about my dad but he seemed really irritated. He told me to shut up and not tell anyone else in the family about my dad. He said that if mom said she'd handle, she would. I told him she didn't and that they were still acting as if it happened. He glared at me and told me to calm down and talk to mom like an adult if I wanted to act like one instead of just yelling at her. He also called me an asshole for escalating the situation and making dinners awkward. I don't think I'm the asshole but whatever. AITA?

My after school activities got cancelled that day and I didn't let my parents know before hand so they didn't expect me to be home so early.

I'm just gonna add the timeline: I caught my dad friday after school, told my mom friday night after she came home from work, waited then went at my mom Monday night, wrote this post an hour after yelling at her, talked to my cousin are 12am, apologized after school (tuesday)

Edit: I asked my dad about it but he just avoided answering and told me that him and mom would talk to me about it when I cooled down. What do I have to cool down about? Idk.

Edit: Going against what my brother said, I talked to my cousin about it since we're pretty close (16F). Basically she told me two things. 1) Stop getting influenced by TikTok and Reddit??? and 2) said they're an open relationship. I asked how she knew for sure and she told me to give my parents time to explain this and that it took her mom a month before she finally sat her and my brother down after they caught her with a family friend. After asking she told me this happened about 5 years ago. Never thought my aunt was like that....

Edit: After sleeping it off and reading everyone's comments, I felt really guilty for yelling at my mom and know I deserve all those yta lol. I apologized to my mom once I got home from school and am now going to stay with my friend for a few days. Hopefully my parents will be ready to talk when I return.Ok, so I know the title sounds bad, but bear with me - I had my reasons.

So, I (22M) have been really struggling to find a job since I graduated this summer. I'm searching in a highly competitive field (think finance), and yesterday was the first time I interviewed somewehre.

I took a small shot of absinthe when I woke up, just to settle my nerves a little. (Side note - my Grandad was of Czech origin, and he LOVED absinthe. He even used to brew it himself. My final birthday present from him was a novel 200 ml bottle he brought from his homeland. Unfortuantely, he passed away a couple weeks ago, so I decided to pour one out for him to ensure good luck in my interview.)

However, by the time I was sat in the company's waiting room, the effects had completely worn off. I started to feel sick with nerves - the pressure of the interview stage was getting to me after months of writing applications. I decided to sneak off to the toilet to take a couple of pre-interview shots to calm my nerves. The interview that followed actually went really well - I had great chemistry with the interviewer, and we were laughing, flirting etc.

The problem came when I, very stupidly, decided to sneak in another shot (for good luck) before the final interview with the CEO. Sadly, she emerged from her office precisely as I was mid-gulp. She looked horrified, and told me to leave the building. I tried to explain to her about my anxiety, and how I was simply medicating it, but she wouldn't listen and called security to take me away. Afterwards, I sent the company an apology e-mail and asked for another chance, but they haven't yet replied.

My mother thinks I'm an asshole for drinking at all and called me an alcoholic, (she doesn't really understand alcohol,) but my brother 'doesn't see the issue' as long as I wasn't drunk.

So Reddit - who is the asshole? Me for drinking before a job interview, or the CEO lady for not listening / calling security?I (33F) have a son Alfie (9M). My sister Erinn (26F) just got married. On the invitations she asked that the wedding remain childfree. I don't personally agree with childfree weddings but I respect Erinn's choice and I arranged for my friend to come up and watch Alfie for the day.

The day of the wedding my friend called me and told me she was really sorry but wasn't feeling well and didn't think she would be up to watching Alfie. I really do appreciate her being mindful of that (especially as she ended up finding out it's Covid). But it left me in an inconvenient place because that was the only option I had even thought to line up and I had to leave at noon (friend called at 6:30). I really didn't know what else to do so I ended up taking Alfie with me.

It was a big wedding so I didn't end up talking to Erinn until the reception, which is good because she was pissed at me. She reminded me again that this wedding was not for kids, and for good reason seeing as me and my parents were "too focused on Alfie". He's a 9yo boy at a grown-up wedding he didn't know he was going to, I hardly think it's reasonable for us to not acknowledge him and how well he's doing. I said my sitter fell through and Erinn's husband said "that's not our problem."

She was just not going to drop this regardless of what explanation I gave, so my mom ended up taking Alfie home with her while dad stayed at wedding. At that point the mood had been ruined and I was honestly just over it all so I just left.

Erinn is still claiming I owe her an apology, I'm not sure what for as it's not like I maliciously foisted Alfie on her. If she can't be civil to and about a little boy I think that says far more about her. And she has a 4mo daughter and she was there, so it wasn't even childfree on Erinn's part either. I just want to know if I am really an AH here.Hey y'all. Read carefully before giving judgement!.

So my wife (f24) and I (m27) had our son 3 months ago. Luckily as new parents we've had less issues compared to others in our family BUT what really created an issue was the fact that my wife gets wAyyyy more bonding time with my son than I do. She breastfeeds and doesn't let me come anywhere near her while she's doing it claiming she was already in pain and I was making her stressed out with my behavior. She'd promise to let me have my bonding time once she's done but she takes a long time feeding and then the baby goes to sleep so I get pretty much,...almost, NO time to bond with him.


It all came to head for me last night after my wife told me to leave the room while she was feeding our son cause I was '''bothering,,, her and making her feel '''stressed out,,, with my ''"judgemental,,, comments but I was just making sure she was feeding our son properly since she's dealing with stress and possible ppd and so I had to **(not under doctor's recommendation though but following my mom's advice)** be present in every feeding session to make sure nothing goes wrong and...like I said before maybe get a chance to bond with my son but it didn't end well and I refused to leave the room. She tried to unload on me about how unsupportive and difficult I was being but I told her she was wrong to exclude me and take away my attempt at bonding with my son and that it's only fair that I get to have equal time she has with him and suggested that she switch to formula so she has no way of keeping me excluded and again so I could get 50% of the time she has with him. She called me unreasonable and explained that even though I'm the parent too she as a mother is essentially what our son needs and relies on so her role is more important and she gets more time than I do simply because she's the mother. .....then she explained that my request was ridiculous because she is blessed to have almost no issues with bf and switching to formula was absolutely uncalled for and can not be afforded right now but I disagreed and argued that she left me no choice and that she needs to respect whatever decision I make regarding our son even if she doesn't like it and doesn't necessary agree with it but she argued back saying I'm delusional to think she'll just switch to formula to fix my hurt '''feefees,,, and even accused me of making this request so mom could meddle in and start feeding our son formula and have sleepovers since she was against her breastfeeding from the start due to how weak she was before. This really had me...kind of...lose my cool ngl. I told her that couldn't be further from the truth. Matter fact, I strongly believe her refusal to consider switching to formula is mainly to spite mom not because she thinks my request was '''unreasonable,,,

Long story short, we kept going back and forth on this argument and she told me to drop it but I refused because in my opinion she's being selfish by how she's treating me as the other parent.My(25M) girl Lydia(23F), lives with a roommate who has a boyfriend, Jeff. We gathered at their place last friday for pizza. After a while Jeff asks Lydia if she is still scared of being here alone the nights the roommate goes over to his place and I can't come. Lydia has always had trouble with being alone at night and most nights I stay on facetime with her till she falls asleep so she feels safer. The roommate laughs and says that if she hears a noise in the bathroom at least it will be a ghost and not her locked in passed out. Lydia just mouths "explain later" to me.

When we get to Lydia's room I ask her to explain and she tells me that this afternoon she wasn't feeling good and ended up fainting in the shower, so Jeff had to break to door to roommate get in and help her. She said that she already felt better and didn't wanted to tell me because I was going to be worried about nothing. I said that it wasn't nothing if she had fainted and that I should be aware of these things to help her. She said that now it would be just a funny story about how Jeff broke the door and roommate had to cover her with a towel so they could come to the rescue of her naked body.

That moment I saw red. I asked if Jeff had seen her naked and she said she couldn't be sure since she was unconscious but roommate said that he stood out of the bathroom until she was covered. I asked if Lydia thought it was fair to me not to know that another guy had seen her naked and she said he didn't actually saw her naked and that it shouldn't matter since he was only helping. I shouted that she just said that she was unconscious and couldn't know if he saw her. She told me to be quiet or they would hear me and I shouted that I didn't care, that a man just saw my gf body's and I had a right to be mad. Jeff and roommate come in then and explain that he never saw anything, he just broke the lock and waited outside until roommate gave him a clear. I said that I didn't believe him and roommate jumped to his defense saying she was right there making sure the situation wasn't embarrassing so they could take proper care of Lydia without her felling weird. I said that if she was a cuckold I wouldn't be. Jeff then shouted at me saying I should respect his girlfriend and mine, who had spent a whole day saying that she was fine but still looked a bit pale. He said that he only did it because he cared about Lydia, that I was an asshole who didn't deserve any type of help. Hearing him say he cared about her was it for me, I left without as much as looking at Lydia as she begged not to go.

Over the weekend Lydia had to be admitted to a hospital as she didn't felt good again and Jeff and roommate prohibited me from seeing her, saying I didn't deserve her. Obviously the whole hospital thing sucks and I wish I was there for her but I still think I was right. At this point I'm not mad at Lydia anymore, just at Jeff.

EDIT: They agreed to let me see Lydia upon her asking them to. She said it would be best for us to be away from each other for a while. She is feeling better and for what I heard she is anemic among other things but going home this week.Basically my little brother [19M] is going to be staying with me [25M] and my girlfriend [24F] for a little while.

We have one bed that's pretty big and comfy and a shitty pull-out in the living room that no one wants to sleep in.

I said to be fair she and him should take turns on the pull-out every other night, and the other one can sleep in the bed with me.

My girlfriend doesn't like this idea and says since she actually lives here she shouldn't have to sleep on the pull-out when my brother is just a guest, but since it's my house I think it's perfectly fair of me to decide on the sleeping arrangements.[deleted]I moved in with my GF a couple weeks ago and so far things have been going ok. For context, she works as a nurse and I’m currently looking for a job. Yesterday while she was working she texted me and asked me to put away the laundry she did that morning before going to work. This already annoyed me because I had just spent an hour applying to jobs and just wanted to relax and watch tv, but I said ok. I never really cared about my clean clothes looking nice or anything while I’m not wearing them so I kinda just cram my clothes in my dresser. I don’t have a ton of clothes so they fit fine. She on the other hand has a lot of clothing. So I finish doing the laundry and go back to watching tv. When she gets home she starts screaming at me and telling me that I didn’t do her laundry correctly. She was mad because I didn’t fold her clothes and just crammed them in the drawers and she couldn’t get her drawers to open easily. I told her that that’s how I do laundry and if she didn’t like it then she should just do it herself. She started screaming at me again and we went to bed angry left for work today without talking to me. AITA? I don’t feel like I did anything wrong I think she is just being difficult.Hi, I'm a 34 year old woman and my 3 children are a 12 year old boy, a 9 year old boy and a 7 year old girl. My husband is a 35 year old man.

A couple weeks ago we went on a trip to visit some historical sites in several countries in Europe (basically like a roadtrip). My husband had a terrible headache on the fourth day of our trip so he stayed at the hotel while our children and I went to a dolmen. When we got there my children were a bit bored so I let them run around and play for a bit (there weren't a lot of people so they were not bothering anyone) and than my 9 year old climbed on one of the boulders of the dolmen. He looked so proud of himself when he managed to climb up so I wanted to take a photo of him but than a girl (around 19 I'd say) walked up to me and sarcastically asked "do you let your kids climb on their grandparent's graves like that too?". Needless to say, I got a bit angry and told her to mind her own bussiness and said that a 5000 year old dead guy won't mind it if a child climbs on a rock. Her face looked like I just killed a puppy in front of her and she walked away.

When we got back to the hotel I told my husband about it and he said that it's a bit tasteless to let someone climb on what's "essentially a gravestone". I got mad because he wouldn't support me and undermined me in front the children like that. I went to the bathroom where I called my sister to tell her what happend. She said that the girl shouldn't have approached me like that but that I was also wrong for the way I responded to her. I told her that the girl was out of line talking to someone that's older then her like that and I hung up.

It's been a couple weeks now and it just hasn't been sitting right with me. I've been thinking that maybe I am the asshole and I guess I can see why someone would see a dolmen as a grave. 

So, am I the asshole for letting my child climb on a rock?I have 2 daughters, one is 33 and the other is 31. 31 got married a couple months ago. 31 had a hard time in life, she had  surgery and got addicted to opiods at 15. She struggled through school for a while, ended up doing a crap ton of things she wasn’t proud of, but once we managed to get her proper help, she was fine again. 

In context, the things she did whilst an addict were really bad. I’m talking ruining family reunions, causing arguments around the house, the works. One example is when 33 was graduating. 31 didn’t want to go, and insisted we both go without her, but this was when she was at the height of her addiction, so we called her grandparents to watch her, and they would take 10 minutes to get to the house. She warned us that if she went she might cause a scene, but 33 told her to just shut up and come, and she should at least be able to sit through one of the most important moments of her life. 

Well, she ended up projectile vomiting all over the next 2 rows, then proceeded to break down and wail/cry because of the embarrassment. I left with her, whilst my husband stayed to support 33. Obviously her sister was furious at her, and when we got home, she promised 31 that when her graduation came, she’d ruin it for her. 

31 had been off drugs for long before her graduation and begged us to not let 33 come. We obliged and told 33 to stay at home or do something else. She was not welcome at the graduation. The graduation went fine. 

There were a ton more incidents in the 2 years where she was an addict, but in the end she got clean, went to a good college, and got a great job. She’s well past her addiction now. Now, because 33 never got to ruin her sister’s graduation, she’s been waiting for another big life moment for her to ruin. If it’s relevant, 33 never got to go to college so that high school graduation was her only graduation. 

31 graduated from college, but only me and her father were able to go because of the distance. Now, the moment that 33 had dedicated herself to ruining is her wedding. 

31 is often sensitive at life events, and she has some issues she’s working through with a therapist on the side. 31 thought that 33 would be over the HS graduation issue, and 33 pretended like she was. In the dressing room right before 31 was meant to walk down the aisle, 33 took her aside, and started insulting everything about her. I had gone to the bathroom at this time. She called her fat, she said her dress made her look like a pathetic slut, that her husband was constantly looking at other women’s asses. She went on and on until 31 was on the ground in tears. Her makeup was ruined, no one was there to fix it, and the wedding was ruined. 31 walked down the aisle still crying. 

After this, I told the family what 33 had done, and no one’s talking to her. I kicked her out and told her to come back, because she was a vile human being who can’t let anything go. She has nowhere else to go now because she can’t afford any other house

AITA?I’m 7 months pregnant and I can’t reach the top shelves in our cupboards without standing on a chair. I wanted to make a snack but I couldn’t reach one of the ingredients to make it and climbing on a chair at this point is both difficult and not something my husband wants me to do. I went to ask my husband if he could get it for me but he was on an important work call so he told me to wait 5 minutes.

5 minutes turned into 30 and by that time he had to be in a meeting which lasted over an hour. I got impatient and I was hungry so I decided to just climb on the chair and get it myself. I was just grabbing it when my husband walked in and asked me what the hell I was doing. I didn’t hear him approaching so his voice scared me and I almost fell off the chair. 

He tried to use it as justification for why I shouldn’t have been on the chair in the first place but I told him it was his fault because if he hadn’t scared me I never would’ve almost fallen. I also said it was his fault because he hadn’t got it for me when I asked and he said he was sorry but he had a meeting. I asked him what the point of being the boss was if he couldn’t be 30 seconds late to help his pregnant wife quickly, which in hindsight was a petty thing to say. This really upset him and he told me not to blame him and that I shouldn’t have used the chair in the first place since we had already agreed I wouldn’t. He also told me not to do it again.

AITA?[removed]I hate having people in my home. Hate it with a passion. I’ve always hated people in my space in general to where my bedroom was an off-limits zone period. I don’t have people over to “entertain” them, never did sleepovers as a kid, just altogether, fuck that. 

There’s no abnormal psych behind it, I'm not remotely introverted, I just hate it.

It took me a long time to let my now husband into my apartment when I lived alone, and he’s always been very respectful. He also feels pretty similarly, but it’s more a “creature of habit” thing for him. 

We live about 30 minutes from the largest airport in my state, and my inlaws live about 3 hours away. Often times they’ll meet us for dinner or something nearby on their way to/from their flights.

Well there’s now a big stink because my FIL and MIL asked to sleep over so they could get a good night’s rest before heading off to wherever they’re traveling for Thanksgiving. I said no without an explanation. They asked again closer to the date, a “Are you sure it won’t work?” and I said no again.

MIL asked me AGAIN, now that we’re just a few days out. She asked why, if we had guests, and I just said “We don’t have the space.” She was put out by this and got pissy and asked what the big deal was, it was just one night and it would save them a lot of hassle.

My husband took over and said no, that we aren’t a makeshift hotel, and to please stop asking. He then said that we just don’t like having people over period, and it’s nothing personal.

The “nothing personal” line really pissed off my MIL, who is now making a big stink up and down social media with all the “in my day” and “I would NEVER” which is totally fine because SHE DOESN’T MIND IT, OBVIOUSLY.

AITA?! For fuck’s sake, a hotel nearby isn’t going to be more than $150 and it’s not like they’re strapped for cash.

EDIT: Instead of continuing to respond to comments, a few things:

You guys need to stop trying to diagnose people or speculate on their mental health because of one thing. Seriously, I do not have anxiety, agoraphobia, depression, whatever else. I'll stick to the opinions of licensed professionals.

Please stop the armchair diagnosis marathon in the comments. It's embarrassing and one of the reasons this subreddit has such a bad reputation.

This isn't a new situation for my in-laws. They have always known about the arrangement. 

It seems we are the assholes, and this has sparked some good conversation on getting our asses in gear to move across the country.

EDIT 2, because apparently it's needed. When I say to stop diagnosing people, I am talking about the "you need therapy because you like a quiet home!" nonsense.

I am not talking about "diagnosing" me as an asshole or not. THAT is literally the point of this post.I need some insight to see if I’m in the wrong because I really don’t feel like I am.   
 

I \[32F\] just received an invite to my cousin Alex’s \[30F\] wedding. It stated on the invite that the wedding was childfree.  
 

I’m not new to childfree weddings but what has me frustrated is the fact that there will be children in the wedding.  Alex plans on having her and her FH’s \[33M\] nieces and nephews at their wedding. I overheard her asking her sister if her niece could be the flower girl at a family get together. This confused me because childfree means no children, so I called Alex and asked.  
 

I told her and said that if her nieces and nephews are going, then my daughter \[5\], similar in age to her nieces and nephews, should be allowed to go, too. Alex said that only those in the bridal party are the exception and that she wants her nieces and nephews at the wedding. When I asked why they could come and not my daughter, she said it’s because she knows her nieces and nephews are well behaved so there will be no issues. She also knows her sister and BIL parent very well and, to top it off, she is a teacher who wants a day where she doesn’t have to deal with the children of others.  She also said she is closer to them.  
 

I told her that her reasoning was ridiculous because childfree means no kids, including her nieces and nephews. Alex told me if I was more than welcome to decline the invite, so I did.   
 

I ended up venting to my mother \[married to Alex’s dad’s brother\] and while she didn’t agree with Alex, she said she could understand her feelings. However, my dad didn’t like it and called her dad, my Uncle Mitch, asking why my daughter could not come. Mitch told my dad that it is Alex’s wedding and she can do as she pleases. He also said ‘cousins’ are not the same as ‘nieces and nephews’ especially since they’re in the bridal party. My dad said since Mitch is paying for it that he should talk Alex into allowing children, but he declined and said that he and my aunt don’t believe paying for the wedding gives them a say and even if it did, he agrees with Alex. 

This upset my dad, so he then told other family members.  Now several members are upset that Alex and her FH’s nieces and nephews will be there but no one else is allowed to bring their children. We have a fairly large family and we all watch each others children, so finding childcare will be difficult. Most of the family say it’s Alex’s wedding and her reasons make sense, but I and some of my cousins are refusing to attend. Alex doesn’t seem to care one way or the other. One cousin told Alex she was bringing her child anyway to which Alex said, “Make sure you wear sneakers so it’s easier on your feet as you’re escorted back to your car” which is how we found out she’s having the security guard from her school checking the guest list and that he knows to not let any children in. AITA?[removed]Tonight my wife (31f) and I (32m) were making ourselves sandwiches for a late dinner. I decided to make turkey and she decided to make peanut butter and jelly. I watched her stick a knife into the peanut butter, spread it on the bread, and then stick the same knife into the jar of strawberry jelly without cleaning it off or using a different knife. 

I asked her if she was serious right now and if she could please not contaminate food intentionally. She responded saying this was jelly specifically for peanut butter and jelly so it was fine. I said I sometimes eat jelly without peanut butter and either way it was disgusting. 

She said “fine” and went over to the sink and rinsed off the knife but only partially. She came back over to the table and stuck the same knife, still with some peanut butter on it, into the jar again and finished making her sandwich. After she was done I took the jar out of the fridge and threw it in the trash. She took it out of the trash, put it back in the fridge, and now she’s not talking to me. AITA?

Edit: No I’m not allergic to peanuts.
Edit 2: My wife asked me to add that she’s pregnant, and peanut butter and jelly is pretty much the only sandwich she can have.
My daughter Zoey "17" has been planning a trip with her friends for weeks and asked for my wife's and my help with money. I promised her that I'll be paying for her part of the trip which is about 80$ from stuff she needs for the trip, food, and other expenses. Zoey appreciated this a loot since she normally pay for trips and other fun things with her own money but she left her summer job not too losing ago.


2 days ago was my wife and I wedding anniversary. We planned to go out and celebrate in the evening and I asked Zoey if she could watch watch her younger siblings (3, 9) while we're out. She said "sorry, I have plans for tonight" I asked her to elaborate and she said she wanted to meet her best friend at a party before she leaves town as her friend will be moving away this month. She suggested we get a babysitter but it was already late for me to call and arrange for a babysitter. My wife suggested calling my sister but my sister has enough on her plate to be watching our kids. I tried to convince Zoey to skip going out and watch her brothers but she refused and said my wife and I could stay home and celebrate but I told her we already reserved a table at the restaurant. I was getting pissed I brought up the trip that I was paying for and told her I will take the money back if she refused to watch her brothers for the evening. She said no and told her no trip then unless she gets the money herself because I'm no longer paying for it. She screamed at me calling me unbelievable for taking money back just cause she wanted to attend her best friend's goodbye party and not wanting responsibility for her brothers. I refused to discuss it. I took the kids to my mother's house and left.

My wife said I was too harsh on Zoey especially since it's not her fault she doesn't want to be responsible for her brothers for the evening. I was puzzled I told her it's just one evening but still my wife thought I punished Zoey over nothing by taking thee money I promised for her trip.


Zoey isn't speaking to me and is cold shouldering me because of this.


Edit: I just checked the comments and some were asking why I notified her last minute. The answer is because I assumed she'd be home like usual so I never thought of needing to get a sitter.My fiance (30M) and I (28F) are getting married next month. Everything is going great, but we've been having a serious argument about having his grandmother at our wedding. 

We've agreed to not have kids at our wedding, as we want the reception to be a huge party for your adult friends and family with dancing, loud music and an open bar. However, for precisely the same reasons that we don't want kids there, I don't want his elderly grandmother at our wedding either. I said she can come to the ceremony but not the reception. It will be extremely loud and I want it to be a party atmosphere, and she will be extremely out of place. For context, none of my grandparents are still alive, and he still has his last living grandmother. 

This has caused a huge fight, since she said she has always dreamed about being at her grandson's wedding (he is her oldest grandchild and she probably won't make it to the next family wedding). Which is why I said that she's more than welcome at the ceremony, but she will just be too out of place at the reception. She and he both insist that she will be fine and wants to go to the party. But I just know it will inevitably lead to us dealing with her and taking care of her, and I just want to get drunk and let loose with my friends. 

She's now really upset and won't talk to me, and my fiance is also angry. I think I am within my right to make this request, I am the bride after all. 

AITA?When I met my husband "James" he had a 14 year old daughter "Ella" Ella and I never really bonded, as she doesn't really like people. James always told me to leave Ella alone and respect her boundaries. I do believe he took her "boundaries" too far in some cases, as Ella is now a 27 year old woman, who refuses to speak when she doesn't want to. 

I have a 13 year old daughter "Ava" (the pregnancy was a surprise and I know the timing is bad that I got pregnant right around the time I met Ella) and honestly I have always felt that James prefers Ella. Ella is a lot like him personality wise and it is very subtle, but I feel like he loves Ella more. Ella never accepted her sister or I, but I've made peace with that, because getting Ella to speak is literally like pulling teeth. Ava hates Ella, but she knows that she has to be civil to everyone.

Ella's birthday is December 23rd and as a result James never made too big of a deal about Christmas. Her birthday always took priority. This became an issue when Ava was born. James had always promised Ella he would take her to Europe for her 16th birthday, and Ella was insistent it had to be on her actual birthday, so the Christmas when Ava was 2 he actually missed Christmas and we had the first fight of our entire marriage.

He also told Ella crazy things like if a man doesn't make a big deal out of her birthday to dump his ass, and that her birthday is much more important than Christmas. As a result, Ava complains every year that James care more about Ella's birthday than about Christmas, and that she thinks Ella gets an unfair amount of money spent on her (her birthday are usually expensive, and two years ago she had a December wedding which James fully paid for) Even that Christmas he refused to not do something elaborate for her birthday and couldn't understand why Ava was annoyed. Also Ella hosts a huge Christmas eve which we are all invited to, but Ava and I don't go, due to it mostly being her husband's family, so everything in December sometimes feels it is about Ella.

this year I feel bad, because I couldn't get Ava what she really wanted because it is out of stock, but Ella just had a baby and my husband bought her a ring with the baby's birthstone, which Ava knows about. Now Ella wants to go to Colorado for her birthday/Christmas Eve. James said he is going to go, because he can drive back and be home by about ten. I finally got annoyed and asked if he thinks he spends a fair amount of money/time/energy on Ella vs Ava, and I said he makes every Christmas about Ella and her birthday. He said I was being unfair because Ella has never excluded me from her plans, though she is rude and doesn't talk to me either. Finally I snapped at him that he is a bad father, because one of his kids is a grown ass woman and one is not. He is now upset and says that was meant to say, and i just don't like Ella, and he "tries his best"I (44F) work in an office of 20+ people. The youngest is Jenny (28F) who started to work for us just this year. Jenny immediately clicked with our coworker Dan (47M) and became close with him even though they work on different floors. Dan is married, Jenny is single. 

For the past months I’ve heard other people in the office gossip about Dan and Jenny, who always leave the office to have lunch together outside. Most of us bring our own lunch and eat in the pantry, and Dan and Jenny both used to do this too. Now they are usually gone for an hour or two. Jenny always asks me if I want her to grab coffee for me when they leave so I assume they eat lunch and have coffee after, but some of my coworkers wonder if this is all that is happening. 

This week Dan was on leave and Jenny stayed in the office for lunch so I took the opportunity to tell her that it doesn’t look good for her to be spending to much time with Dan as it makes people wonder if there’s something going on between them. Jenny was upset and asked if I people wonder about that or if I wonder about that so I told her the truth that I’ve heard other people gossiping. She said she feels insulted that I even needed to tell her this because it means I believe it might be true. 

For the record I don’t think there is anything going on between Jenny and Dan, but I understand how it might look that way and I only told Jenny to look out for her, so she could do something about it if she wanted to. Am I the asshole?[removed] Last year, I worked at a small budget grocery store. A guy wanted three $500 prepaid Visa Gift Cards.

I immediately say, "Hold on, are you sure this isn't an advanced fee scam?"

"No, no, they are for my personal use."

THAT is the response that phone scammers TELL people to say if they are asked about why they are buying large denominations of cards.

There were two tills at this store: mine, and the manager's. For some reason, the manager wasn't allowed to sell that amount of gift cards on their OWN terminal. (Possibly an anti-theft measure?) But that meant that the $1500 of Visa Gift Cards HAD to be rung up on MY terminal.

But I didn't feel good about this, so... I refused.  

I asked the customer what they were for, if it wasn't a scam. If he gives me an alternate reason, like "My three kids are all getting PS5s," I would have done it. But he refuses to clarify and apparently can't even make up a lie. When I refuse to budge, the man leaves... I presume to talk to the scammer outside on his phone.

We call up the head manager and she says... well, we warned him, and that's all we can do. I say that we could do a LITTLE more and refuse to participate in this folderol. Let him go somewhere else for his criminal activity.

The manager on the floor says that I have to do it, because she can't do it on hers. She literally tries to push me out of the way of my terminal to do it, and I stand my ground as she tries to hip-push me, in what must have been a rather pathetic display. She finally says, "you can do this, or you can leave."

So I left.

After I cooled down a bit and got lunch, I call the head manager again and ask her... "Should I even come in tomorrow? It's hard to hire people in December, so I AM willing to stay on. We can gamble on this not happening again."

She decides that, nah, let's just make a clean break. I say, possibly interrupting her as she waffles, "Alright, then. Lose this number," and hang up on her.

It sucks that this guy got taken for a ride, but it ALSO sucks that I basically threw the job away for no gain and he still got taken for a ride. (It was a minimum-wage job during the pandemic. I wasn't attached to it or anything.)

A younger co-worker at my other job didn't understand why I did it. "They don't pay me enough to be a hero."

My response was, "No, they don't pay me enough to be a villain."My kids are Bindi (17) Ava (14) and Fritz (9).

I’ll cut right to the problem: my sisters and I are going for an overnight trip late this month. With my oldest sister’s work schedule the only time we can go for the foreseeable future is the 29th. This has been planned for several weeks.

Bindi announced to me this week that her school is doing a Halloween dance on the 29th. She was so excited and was excitedly planning her costume, I hated to burst her bubble but I had to tell her she can’t go. You see, Fritz is severely autistic (exactly what you’re probably thinking, he’s nonverbal, no eye contact, no toilet training, that sort of thing). This makes him much more difficult to leave with someone than his sisters ever were – I could easily find a sitter for them when they were younger. The only people who will even take Fritz outside our household are his grandparents, who cannot watch him that weekend. He also does well with Bindi, meaning she is literally our only option.

Bindi didn’t take it well and asked me why Ava can’t watch him for a few hours while she’s at the dance, since Ava has babysat before. Well, Ava is having surgery the Monday before that, nothing major but she is not going to be healed up enough to deal with one of her brother’s meltdowns by Friday. (I’m not saying that would happen but it’s always a possibility with him). She can help but someone else needs to be there and that someone else is going to have to be Bindi.

She responded by saying she “didn’t realize her siblings were so much more important” and went up to her room scowling. I’ve tried knocking and calling her, but she keeps sending me straight to voicemail. I get that she’s upset and was really looking forward to this dance (it’s only for juniors and seniors and school didn’t have it last year thanks to COVID), but I’m going to need her to make a small sacrifice for the family right now. I fully intend to make it up to her. But does expecting her to be there for family make me TA?

ETA: Dad died when Fritz was a baby, besides my younger sister who will be going on trip, my family all live in another state.We have a rule in our family whereby the kids (15F and 13M) are not allowed to close the room doors. The kids spend most of the time in the common study room, whether reading, studying, gaming etc. and their computer screens all face the door. My kids have told me they would like to room door to be closed and feel that their privacy is being violated and they cannot concentrate. However, my wife and I feel that this is a house rule and there should be no secrets between family members.We do not wish for them to spiral down a deep hole of secrets which might be too late when they realise they need help. Furthermore, when they grow up and work in an office, whatever they do on the computer screen will also be visible to their coworkers.  My wife and I think this rule is quite fair, but the kids insist otherwise. So AITA?[removed]I am the single mother of three children, my daughter is seventeen years old and my sons are fifteen and six. 

My older son is "Lucas", and he is completely Deaf. When he was born, I was riding on a high from my daughter, who was and still is healthy as a horse. I didn't know if he would ever be independent, or learn how to take care of himself, but so far he has surpassed my expectations as a very independent boy. I sacrificed a lot for him, learning ASL and sending him to a special school and being patient through all the frustration. 

We were having a conversation and I brought up how I wished Lucas wasn't disabled more than anything but people had to learn how to live with those things, which upset Lucas. He ranted at me about how much of a jerk I was and how he hated me before storming off. 

I don't think I was an asshole in this situation - I won't be one of those parents who raves about how their kids are 'so brave' just for being disabled. But for the sake of our relationship... Was I?[removed]

I M16 have an autistic brother M14 with lots of medical needs. We don't have a close relationship because of his behavior in general and my parents who both work high paying jobs have been focusing all their attention on him which is sorta fine with me btw.

Here's the problem. My parents were doing some calculating and looking at what they spend on my brother yearly which was a lot but they decided to increase their "budget" for him by dedicating about $400 dollars A MONTH! to my brother. Thing is my allowance is barely a $100 a month. I found out and blew up at my parents and asked for equality and to either split the money between me and my brither or make my allowance same as him but they told me off explaining that my brother has medical needs and require doctors appointmenrs ans medication that they need money for while I'm perfectly healthy. I pointed out how unfair they have been and how they were obviously playing favorits and causing me to resent my brother and driving a wedge between them here but their argument that I should not hate my brother since the money goes to medication and whatnot and not clothes and toys. After further arguing my dad called me an overprivilaged, spolied brat who had no right to "demand" anything from them and that I should consider myself lucky I still get a $100 allowance when I'm perfectly capable to work if I don't like it so much.


I'm now indefinately grounded for "demanding" to be treated equally to my brother and pointing out their favoritism.[removed]Hello, Reddit. I came across this while on my quest to find answers as to why my oldest daughter behaves this way and feels the need to hurt her mother so deeply. My daughter and I have always had a complicated relationship ever since she was a child, she was often strong-willed, overly confident and was frequently in trouble with her teachers for being too social during class. We often had to teach her manners and reinforce good behaviour while making sure she didn't grow up to be too arrogant. She has always suffered with mental health issues and has convinced herself of things that never actually happened, and when she married her husband and got pregnant with her first child she suddenly told me she didn't want me visiting her anymore, I told her she had broken my heart and I'll give her what she wants then which is space. 

When my grandchild was born, I found out and tried to initiate a relationship with my grandchild but she always prevented it and kept them from me. She would send me elaborate Reddit posts claiming how abusive I was to her that bordered on dramatic and delusional. She never wanted to be a mother I believe and that's why she doesn't want me to know my grandchildren.

After repeated letters and e-mails to my daughter, she kept ignoring me to hurt me. My heart is constantly broken but I don't want her to think I'm not trying. It's been six years since she's spoke with me but friends and family usually updated me on how she is doing. I found out through my ex husband that my daughter is pregnant again. I was deeply hurt by this, as my sister's and mother were all aware yet I wasn't told until after she has already gave birth to my grandson. 

I told my sister's that I am deeply hurt that they contributed to hurting me and participating in activities designed to hurt me. I told them that they should have told my daughter that they wouldn't keep her pregnancy a secret and exclude her mother since they would hopefully say that they love. One of my sister's told me I was some hurtful names and blocked me, while my other sister just ignored me. I told them both that I need to have boundaries then and not let people in my life who do things to hurt me. My mother told me some more hurtful things, and that I am in the wrong. I don't think I am, and I genuinely don't understand where all this animosity towards me for just being a loving mother who tried her best came from.My coworker has a 20 gallon aquarium in her office that’s been there a year. It’s sitting on a very long shelf.  With out thinking I leaned on the shelf with  my full weight getting something from her desk. When I stopped leaning the shelf shook and the tank fell and shattered all over the floor. She was a lunch when this happened. Some of the techs helped me get all her female betta into cups. 

When she came back from lunch she freaked out and screamed at me telling me No one should have been in her office to begin with with her not being there. 4 of her 7 betta died and about half her plants. She bought me a receipt this morning saying I need to reimburse her. It came out to $250 worth of plants, rocks, and other stuff which is insane. 
She also told me that she has ordered $75 worth of specially bread betta females from the same breeder she got her previous fish from. She said sororities are extremely hard ti keep and that I just added stress because now she has to start over. 

Half if my office says I should not have to pay for it because  it was her choice to build it and the other half say I should. Would I really be the asshole if I refused to pay? She should have had a sign saying don’t touch the shelf it it was that flimsy.

Update: I am aware that IATA ok. I will be paying for anything and everything that she needs. I wrote this when I was in shock due to the cost but you have Made me realize I am 100% wrong. I will also be giving her extra for compensation.My son “Danny” (27) has been dating a woman “Julia” (35) for a year now. He is very smart, handsome and a sweet boy as well as very successful. Julia seems ok, she owns a home and works and is nice enough but I think Danny can do better to be honest. Julia is nice enough but I think it would be more appropriate to date someone closer to his own age. 

Danny has always wanted a large family and I have reminded him several times that if that is what he wants, he needs to end things with Julia. I don’t think it’s fair to lead her on, and she is too old to give him a large family. He has told me to butt out and that his priorities have changed. He says he would rather be with her even if it means only having one or two children and it’s something he has discussed with her. My heartbreaks because I think she is manipulating him into pretending he is ok with it. 

I was discussing Christmas plans with Danny and he replied he would not be over on Christmas morning, and said if I wanted I could come to his home the afternoon of Christmas for dinner. He said Julia’s family would be there and he was planning on proposing. I was extremely upset and expressed my disappointment and told him if he proposes to Julia I will get up and walk out. He told me not to come at all, and I was acting like an asshole to Julia for no valid reason. I said my reason is valid because obviously if she is 35 and unmarried that is a red flag and he shouldn’t marry someone that old at his young age.I told him I refuse to spend any time with him on a Christmas if he does this. He said he won’t spend time with me at all and I haven’t heard from him since. My other sons think I am being an asshole but I think I am a mother trying to protect her son, so AITA?[removed]My girl (28F) and I (32M) have been together 8 months. She lives with her friend Jarrod (27M) who owns the home. Jarrod seemed like a great guy, very friendly, down-to-earth and weeks from becoming a physiatrist. Medical studies were demanding of him, but we all got along well whenever I was over. 

I’m a cop. Where we live Marijuana is common but still illegal. As a law enforcer, I honour the law but also anti-drugs for personal reasons. Its not harmless, my peers who smoked Marijuana in school are now deadbeats and my best mate got rejected from the army because he’d used Marijuana before and now drives trucks. I have not discussed this view with my girl but I think being a law enforcer implies my stance plus nothing about her life gives me reason to suspect she thinks drug use is ok.

Sometimes when Jarrod hung with us I suspected he had used Marijuana. I’m trained to suspect it but Jarrod’s profile didn’t fit an addict nor would my girl accept living with one. Likely my judgement was wrong and he was tired from studies. Unfortunately, my instincts were correct. A few weeks ago I arrived at my girl’s house before she had. I let myself in and went to the balcony, Jarrod was there. We were casually chatting when he just puffs on a joint and then even offers me a puff. I’m fuming, this guy literally offered a cop drugs so clearly he’s offered my girl drugs. I’m terrified for her safety in this environment. Really, as a law enforcer it is my civic duty to enforce the law but my judgement was that Jarrod could be reasoned with. I made him aware of my obligation and that his drug use also hurts society and others around him, as well as himself. As a cop and because he lives with my girl, I’ll charge him if my girl is put in danger again. He denied the severity of his use, said he will stop around me but doesn’t respect my attitude or behaviour in his house. Mildly insulting response after letting him off but understandable it wasn't taken well. He’s an addict and I’ve made use harder for him in his own home. My girl comes home, we both explain what’s unfolded, my girl says its a lot and I should go home for the night.

The next day the city's in lockdown, I’m not able to address with Jarrod nor my girl what happened. The last few week she’s talking to me less and less. My anxiety knowing my girl is locked down in such a toxic situation is overwhelming. Last week I decided to do a welfare check but send my partner in. He did it but afterwards said that was f\*cked up of me. Later that night my girl cut it entirely and filled a complaint against me. I truly didn’t believe I did anything wrong and was just trying to protect my girl but I’ve lost my girl and in career trouble. But both my girl and my partner think I’m f\*cked so maybe I am. AITA.[removed]My daughter is in high school. Last year, she had a younger science teacher, a woman in her mid 20s who hadn’t been teaching very long. About halfway through the year, my daughter and her friends found out this teacher was streaming on Twitch. My daughter doesn’t know who found the teacher’s stream first, but her and her friends started watching and clipping everything the teacher did and saved it all on their phones. I just recently discovered these videos when i grounded my daughter from her phone and I am shocked to say the least. 

First of all, the teacher is streaming as some kind of weird big boobed anime character????? She’s extremely inappropriate, using foul language and also making sexual comments super casually on stream. There are probably 50 different clips I found in my daughter’s Snapchat of her teacher doing this. I wasn’t sure what any of this was at first and when I asked my daughter about why she had such weird videos saved, she said, “mom.....we’re pretty sure that’s Mrs. xxxx. She has the same voice and everything.”

This particular teacher left the school at the start of this year, but I found out quickly which school she moved to with a google search. I want to email administration for her new school and let them know the kind of inappropriate activities this teacher engages in outside of work. I reached out to parents of some of the other kids in my daughter’s group chat. Most of them are telling me to leave it alone and let this teacher live her life, but there is one that’s on the fence and kind of agrees with my viewpoint here. My daughter and her friends swear the teacher never invited any students to watch her stream and was actually trying to keep it a secret and had a nervous breakdown last year about them harassing her online, and it’s why she went and found a new job this year. I know teachers are allowed to have lives and hobbies outside of work, but I just think this is way too inappropriate to go unpunished. She can’t just run away from her poor and unprofessional behavior. If she’s going to be part of this profession, she should be more mindful of the content she puts on the internet. And I honestly don’t think other parents would be pleased to know that their kids have a teacher that shouts loudly on the internet about which anime character she wants to “toss her salad.” 

WIBTA if I show her new school administration her twitch account?(throw away for obvs reason, on mobile, please read everything before commenting, thanks)

So me (15F) and my stepbrother (17M) have never really got on. My mother married his dad when I was 11 and we just never bonded, my mom often tried to encourage us to bond but he never tried.

His dad acted like he was perfect because he always got better grades than me, was better at sports, had “better” friends. And stuff, he was good to my mom and me but it was clear that his son was super important to him. And it was annoying how much he did for my stepbrother.

Well, I found out that he wasn’t so perfect, he had been telling our parents that his band practice was being extended by an hour, but I found out that it wasn’t true. He had been hanging out with his bandmates and often going home and making out and stuff with one of them, who was a guy.

I collected all the evidence I could and left it on the table for our parents to find. It was stuff like pictures of him going out, or some screenshots from his friends' stories.

Well, they found it and they were mad. They called him down and he get in serious trouble for lying to them. After he was grounded and sent up to his room I heard my mom admit to his dad that she knew he had been lying and sneaking off to see someone but she thought it was a girl and was mad that she felt lied to.

This lead to an argument between them as he misread it as homophobia rather than her feeling tricked and lied to when she did him a favour by letting it slide. The argument got so bad that he sent my mom to sleep in the guest room and then went behind her back and ungrounded his son after they had a talk.

I feel so bad now that this has caused a fight between my mom and him. My mom has reassured me that I did the right thing, but I can’t stop thinking how it’s my fault that she’s been kicked out of her bedroom. did I mess up? AITA?Literally the title. 

So I (30f) am making 6 soy-marinated hard boiled eggs for my dinner/leftovers. I didn't cook them correctly or ice them long enough so the shells are sticking when I'm peeling them and I am getting increasingly frustrated. 

I see my bf (32m) sitting at the table, twiddling his thumbs, waiting for me to finish so we can walk the dogs together. I have already fed our 2 dogs, made a week's batch of homemade dog food for one, and gave my bf leftover pasta I had cooked last night. I am the only one who hasn't eaten and I had a long busy day at work and was really tired. I hadn't sat down since I got home.

I am hungry, annoyed that everyone is getting ansty to go out, and I tell my bf to help me peel the eggs. He then tries to crack it in half like a normal eggs and nearly splits one and I complain he isn't doing it right. He then says "I don't know how to do it" and that literally set me off. I get mad saying things like how could you not know how to peel an egg it's so simple, I'm tired of telling you how to do things, when I ask for help I have more work telling you how to do it correctly etc. He tells me I'm rude for getting mad at him for not knowing how to peel an egg and then storms off to walk the dogs alone. I clean up and do a bunch of other chores and haven't talked to him since. He has left for work (night shift) and it was a cold exchange. 

I don't know how to talk to him to resolve this when I really feel he is incompetent sometimes. I don't know how to genuinely apologize when I feel like his mother and that I don't feel like I can respect him when he just replies with "I don't know" to things I ask him to help with. 

AITA for blowing up at my bf over a hard boiled egg?[removed][removed]So there's this woman I work with who gave birth 2 months ago and she's constantly bragging about it. I'm not kidding you when I say she talks about her pregnancy experience and her newborn every single day. The other day she was (once again) talking about how many hours she was in labor and how hard it is being a mom, and I jokingly said "You know, a dog can give birth too." She didn't find it funny at all and she has given me the cold shoulder for the past couple of days. I kinda feel bad about it, but I just got tired of it. I'm a woman too if that makes it any better. AITA?Me and my husband have been living together for 1 year. When we moved in together, I brought my 3 year old American Bully, while he brought his 18 year old cat. We tried to introduce them to one another by initially separating them, then by introducing them to each other's smells, followed by letting them see each other whilst at a safe distance. They appeared to get along, but after a day, the cat began making it's dislike for the dog VERY clear. I tried describing what this entailed, but my previous post got removed due to it going over the character limit.

In response to this, we've taken to keeping the cat and dog separated by gates when there is no one around to supervise them. When we're around, we splash them with a small amount of water if the cat begins to "fight" with the dog, which worked for a while, until recently, when the cat became relentless in it's efforts to go after the dog, even after being splashed with water. As such, we took the cat to our local vet to assess it for any issues. The vet told us that he is perfectly healthy. Another issue that we have to consider is that I'm pregnant. While I'm not saying that the cat would definitely be nasty towards my baby, the way it has acted towards my dog has caused me to worry.

I brought up the idea of taking the cat to a cat sanctuary, where it would hopefully be able to find a new home, in a relaxing environment and without fear of being euthanised, since we can't take it to any family members, since his family is refusing to have the cat, and my family is in the UK. We argued virtually nonstop about this for days, until my husband finally agreed to take his cat to said  cat sanctuary. However, he is still pretty upset with me.

I feel really bad for my husband, however, I do feel like it was the right decision, not only for the dog, but our future baby.

AITA?

EDIT: I'm aware of an earlier post where a woman rehomed her cat for her new dog. I don't agree with what she did at all, and want to make it clear that this is not a troll post from that same person, as I'm aware that I'm likely to get questions regarding that.[removed]I(37) am a mom of 4 kids. 2 girls(19 and 14), and 2 boys(16 and 12). My 19 year old daughter and I got into an argument about a week and a half ago over my birthday and now none of my kids will speak to me.

My birthday was on a Friday, and I had planned to spend the entire weekend with my boyfriend because he wanted to treat me since it would be my first birthday that we were together. I didn't hear at all from any of my kids besides the causal text the whole week and I assumed they probably weren't planning on seeing me or had forgotten. My 19 year old was usually the one to plan my birthdays after I divorced their dad 2 years ago, but I didn't hear from her so I made my plans and stuck with them.

On Friday I still didn't get a single happy birthday text from my kids(this made me a little sad) but again I just assumed that teenagers will be teenagers and they were busy(they told me they were staying at their dad's this weekend). My bf picked me up from work and drove me home so I could change into something nicer because we had plans to go out to dinner.

When we got to my apartment and walked in the door the lights suddenly turned on and my kids jumped out and yelled: SURPRISE! Turns out they hadn't forgotten and all 4 of my kids were there and they had decorated my apartment with all types of balloons and decorations. I was so happy that they hadn't forgotten and my 19 year old gave me a big hug and said she was sorry they made me think they had forgot.
 
I gave them all big hugs and kisses for being so sweet to me, but when I told them about my bf and I's dinner plans my kids were upset that I wasn't staying. I apologized and told them that I had made plans because I didn't think we were doing anything together. My 19 year old requested to move the party to the next night, but I told them I couldn't because I had plans for the entire weekend with my bf. 

They then asked if they could at least go to dinner with us and I told them no on account that my bf does not like children and him and my 19 year old do not get along so this would be very awkward. At this point my 19 year old got very upset and started to argue with my bf for "stealing me away" on my birthday and also at me "for not even wanting to spend time with them." 

I tried to tell them that it was my birthday and I was allowed to spend it how I wanted, and I got to spend it with them every year and that this year was special. My 19 year old again started to yell and by then my bf stepped in and told her to stop acting like a brat and then all of my kids started yelling at us.

We ended up leaving and going to dinner, and I did spend the weekend with him, but my kids are very mad at this and are now staying exclusively with their dad for the time being. :(

Was it so wrong to want to spend my birthday how I wanted to?

Edit: You all do not understand how the dynamic between my children works. My 19 year old is like their "ring-leader" and they follow what she says. She did not like my bf from the beginning before he ever could have done anything to warrant her dislike of him. She pulled mean pranks on him at the beginning by convincing all of her siblings to call my bf "Fat Matt" behind his back. Of course when he found out about this he was upset and felt incredibly disrespected.

Edit: my bf is 31 since y'all want to know. He does respect that I have kids. He just does not want children, and I am done having kids so that's why it isn't a problem for us.

Edit: okay I get that you all have made up your mind on me, and that's fine because I did post on here, but please know that you all do not know everything, only a little part of my life. When I posted this is asked if I was TA because I didn't choose to stay with them, but many if you have started to attack me for my dating life and I think that is unfair. I would never let someone dangerous around my children.

I was in contact with my kids the week before my birthday, but they never asked or inquired about my birthday plans. I realized a little later I should have told them I was going to be gone that weekend, but I thought it would be fine because they were spending the week with their dad. They all have keys to my place and they are never there alone for more than a day, or so, plus my 16 and 19 yo are usually there with their younger siblings.

I should have never posted on here. At the end of the day it is always on the mother to be the angel and always make perfect decisions. My ex-husband isn't a saint either. He didn't contact me about my kids or if they were going to spend time with me for my birthday. 

Thank you all for your wonderful insight on my parenting. Please stop messaging me to call me names.[removed]my wife (27f) and me (36m) were having thanksgiving dinner at my parents' house last thursday. My wife has this weird habit of eating with a teaspoon all the time, instead of a regular spoon so when she and my mom were setting the table, she took a teaspoon for herself. Anyways, when she was eating with it, my dad pointed it out to her and asked "why on earth are you eating with that tiny spoon? Y'know eating in tiny mouths isn't gonna help you lose those extra pounds you have." I saw it as a harmless joke at the time and laughed along with it, so did my wife at the time but when we were going back hone she seemed annoyed with me and at first I didn't get why until she told me it was because I let my dad joke about her weight and didn't defend her. She has had some trouble with her weight lately but I didn't think she'd get so angry over the joke

At the time she seemed chill about the joke and it really seemed harmless, if someone joked about me that way I wouldn't take it to heart. Personally I don't think her reaction was reasonable and I dont get why she's still annoyed at me for it.

Edit: yeah i get it, I'm the asshole. But how's it reasonable for my wife to still be mad at me 6 days later when I've apologised multiple times and I wasn't even the one who made the jokeI (23M) and my girlfriend (21F) have been dating for 2 years. I started dating her because I was attracted to her intelligence, she always gave me good advice in work and personal matters. She is very successful career-wise and doesn't let anyone walk over her. But I have been questioning this impression of her lately. 

I moved in with her six months after we started dating. Her brother (then 16) was already living with her at the time as their parents passed away. To be honest, it was uncomfortable living with a third person because I couldn't spend quality time with my girlfriend and I could tell her brother didn't like me. I put up with it because he was still a kid and I felt bad for their situation.

Last month, the brother turned 18. Although my girlfriend's name is on the contract, I help pay the bills and do chores around the house. But the brother has never contributed financially. It's not like he can't - he's worked part-time jobs since he was 15 but my girlfriend refuses to let him pay to stay with us because he needs the money for his "college fund". 

I was fine with this until he became an adult. Now, he should have to do his part and I told him as such. He said he would do more chores and run errands instead of paying because he "doesn't have money" - despite having 2 part-time jobs - so I went to my girlfriend about it. She said that if I felt the split wasn't fair, she would pay two-thirds of the rent on behalf of her brother and I could pay the rest. I started to get angry then and told her that it's not right for her to be letting an adult man leech off us.

I made it very clear that the brother shouldn't be living with us now that he's no longer a minor. He has been constantly leeching off my girlfriend by letting her pay for his tuition fees, college applications etc while giving nothing in return. When both of them started ignoring me I packed up the brother's stuff and told him to leave.

My girlfriend went totally nuts. She threw a hissy fit and said that I was overstepping my boundaries. She went on this spiel about how her family is her top priority (even though I'm the one who supported her for the last couple years) and how I had no right to bully an 18-year-old. When I tried to explain how she's being a pushover for letting her brother walk all over her she screamed to get out and never come back. I was obviously shocked at being kicked out of my own home so I refused, and she threatened me with the police. I grabbed my stuff and went, and I'm now waiting for her to get over it so I can return.

I've had to stay on a friend's couch for the last few days because my girlfriend of 2 years cares about doing everything for another man, completely ignoring how she overstepped my boundaries by allowing an outsider in our place. AITA for getting upset?

Edit: I want to make it clear that I didn't immediately try to throw out the brother when he turned 18. I spoke to both of them multiple times explaining the situation, but was ignored. I tried talking about it for half a month before doing this as a last resort.

Edit 2: After some consideration I've decided that finding my own place and living arrangements will be for the better. Clearly my girlfriend refuses to place any responsibility on her brother, so he'll be there for who knows how long. I'll wait for her to unblock me and get in contact to have a serious discussion about our relationship, and hopefully we'll both apologize for losing our cool and move on. If not, well there are plenty of fish in the sea.I'm an Indian woman who came to the United States on a students visa and met my ex husband 'Dean'. My family wasn't happy about the relationship but eventually relented when they realized we were serious about each other.

I got pregnant a few months into our marriage and gave birth to our daughter Asha. After I gave birth I developed PPD and as a result our marriage suffered and never really recovered. I was on antidepressants. Two years after her birth my ex husband got close to his co-worker 'Laura' and they began a two year torrid affair.

When he eventually got caught, he apologized for hurting my feelings but claimed he was in love with Laura. We divorced and I was left in the US all alone without any emotional or family support. The divorce happened in 2017. We shared 50/50 custody of Asha.

In the February 2020, I decided to visit my family in India as my extended family had never met my daughter. The original plan was to stay in India for 3 months, but the plans changed as the world got locked down.

One day my daughter complained of uneasiness and stomach pain after she had her usual lunch. I gave her a digestive enzyme and asked her to rest. When I went to check in on her an hour later she was gone. I still don't know what happened that day, but after that moment everything was a blur.

My sister informed my ex husband but because borders were shut he couldn't come to India for the rituals. I cremated my girl according to Hindu rituals and later immersed her ashes in the Ganges, as per our customs.

I have refused to take any calls from ex in the past 1 year. I am still dealing with grief. My ex has reached out to me and wants my address to get some of her ashes.

I let my sister convey to him that the ashes have been disposed off as per customs. He is now furious and wants me to come back to the United States and give him some of her toys.

I have planned on never going back. He already has some of her clothes and toys. I refuse to directly talk to him. That part of my life is over and done.

AITA?

**To answer a few questions** :

&#x200B;

***1. We were told she suffered a cardiac arrest. She was already dead when she was brought to the nearest hospital. My ex was sent all the details and the hospital documents.*** 

&#x200B;

***2. He and his family were sent the zoom link for the funeral.*** 

&#x200B;

***3. He already has half of her belongings.*** 

&#x200B;

***4. I didn't "keep" her ashes, it was disposed off the day after the cremation in the Ganges as per Hindu religious beliefs.*** 

&#x200B;

***5. He was informed of all the rituals that were going to take place before hand, he probably didn't understand them***

&#x200B;

***6.No I wasn't in contact with him, my family was.***

&#x200B;

***7. The reason he had no problem with me taking Asha to India was because in 2019 he took her to Russia to meet his grandparents.***

***8. When we left for India, it was early Feb, We didn't realize Covid was going to be a global pandemic.***

***9. My ex's heritage is Russian Jewish. He didn't follow his religion when we were married and I raised her Hindu.***

*********
*********



**I realize that people believe I'm the asshole. I understand and accept the judgement. I didn't ask for advice, and no I'm not going to talk to him ever again. We are done. He can hate me. I don't care.**

**Since he didn't get to be with her in her last days, l'll be sending him a pair of her shoes that she wore during her India visit. My family will contact him regarding the same.**

**Me not talking to him personally is nothing out of the normal. Even when Asha was alive, I kept communication to what the court stipulated. No chit chat, no weather talk. It was just business. We communicated via email. I have no reason to talk to him now. People can call this being vindicative, I call this my boundary.**My wife is from Russia and we‘ve been married for 4 years. We decided to start a traditional family since I earn enough money to support a few people and she just likes the idea of being a stay-at-home wife/mom. Therefore I pay the bills and provide for the family in order for her to cook, clean and take care of the kids.

It‘s been going well so far and both of us enjoy living that way. It‘s just that I kind of get a bit frustrated when it comes to her cooking food…

Don‘t get me wrong, she‘s very skilled and I appreciate it, but it‘s just the type of food that‘s been bothering me a bit.

Her culture is important to her (which I totally get) so she cooks a lot of Russian food. However, I‘m really not a fan of Russian cuisine because it‘s bland (imo) and consists of basically only dough and meat. Plus some dishes such as jelly meat just don‘t appeal to me.

I suggested that she might wanna try recipes that are not Russian or slavic because I‘m not a huge fan of it, but she was pretty offended. Yesterday I overheard a conversation she had on the phone complaining to her friend about this situation calling me a jerk. AITA?[removed]I have a son (14) who, ever since he could speak, has been been my best friend and sole confidant. I have no friends, my two older children barely talk to me, and my husband is incompetent when it comes to helping me deal with my emotional trauma. 

My son, however, is never anything but empathetic. I’ve taught him to be so, he’s supported me through all the shit I’ve been through but this week, he’s been less than that. I now have to do my own job as well as my boss’s job, my mother just died, and recently, he was suspended from school. 

I don’t need him to burden me with these kinds of issues right now. I have busted my ass to make sure he has a perfect life so that he never has anything to complain about, but he has begun to stop appreciating it. He keeps doing things like this for attention, and it’s getting concerning. 

Tonight, I said to him “you are my only reason to live. Can you start trying to be a decent human, for me? Because if I lose you, I will have nothing. You will have destroyed me emotionally”. My husband took me aside right after I said that, and seemed disgusted with me. He said to me “why are you burdening our son with your shit?” 

I told him that unlike him, our son has been there for me for as long as he’s been alive. He’s been my rock, and has provided me comfort that my husband will not. My husband proceeded to call me a child emotionally, and he took our son to his room and neither will talk to me now. 

AITA for saying what I said? I feel like my son at least owes me respect for the life I’ve provided him, and my husband has no place to speak on how he helps me deal with my issues.Throwaway and on mobile. I am 42M, my wife is 43F. Together we have 8 kids. Mine are 16M, 15M, 13F and I have 50/50 with their mother who left me 8 years ago. Hers are 16M, 15M, 13M, 11M and 7F. I met her in December last year. She was widowed in November. We got engaged 2 weeks ago in front of all the kids who were very happy. Then my kids went to the mother’s house for their regular week with her.

While they were there I married my wife. It wasn’t a big wedding, just a nice evening on the waterfront. Her kids were with their grandparents and again mine were with the mother. I talked to them several times during the week like I usually do.

When they came home from the mother’s house, my daughter noticed I was wearing a wedding ring. At that point we told the kids we were married. Then we had a BBQ with cake.

My kids say I’m the AH for not inviting them. My wife says this is what she wanted and it’s ok they weren’t there. I might be the asshole though for not having my kids at my wedding.My husband has a daughter that he didn't know existed for the majority of her life, more recently she would just visit but after her was mom was put into a nursing home (or something similar) due to her health, his daughter is with us indefinitely. She's 12.

I have an 11yo son (not my husband's), and a lot of our life is structured around him. He has a massive room and his own washroom, we weren't expecting her to live with us, so she is in the guest room. She's very upset about that. My son does martial arts, hockey and swim which is already hard for us to get him to everything, I told my husband I couldn't also take her to soccer and lacrosse. She thinks I'm favouring my son. 

Other issues are that we've promised my son things but can't do the same for her, so we either have to tell her no or break our promises to my son. I don't want to break my promises him. My husband says that my son should quit some of the sports he does to make room for his daughter's schedule, let go of some of things promised or planned for him and that he needs to give up his room. I disagree. AITA?My mother and husband hate each other. That's the most basic way to put it. Truth is that my husband feels that he is treated as less than my other sibling's spouses because of his skin colour, and my mother feels that he is way too dumb for my standards. However, I personally feel that my mother does not show any favouritism or harsh treatment of my husband. 

Because of this, my husband cannot stand my mother and has recently begun to even be in the same room as her. "Oh your mom's going to be at Christmas? I'm going to a friend's house." "Oh your mom's going to the kid's event? I'll just stay at home." 

Frankly it's insanely demoralising for me, and I hate my husband when he backs out of something just because my mom is going to be there, and it's worse when he demands that my mom not go because he wants to be there. In my opinion, he's the one with the big issue, he should be the one to leave the kid's events. 

Recently one of my kids was having a big football match and he wanted his father there. My mother also wanted to be there so I tried telling my son that he couldn't have his father there. He was adamant, so I told my husband that my mother was not going to be there. 

He arrives, and obviously, so does my mother, and they are immediately bickering. He makes a comment about how racist my mother is, and then she fires back saying she was never racist. I told them to shut up and sent my husband to sit somewhere else for a while. I decided that since the game ended late, i'll bring my mom back to my home and make her some dinner. 

My husband threw a hissy fit over this and was screaming about me always "choosing my mother over him" and I was like, "of fucking course i'm going to put my mom over my husband. She's the woman who singlehandedly raised me and 3 other kids. She's literally a goddess for not giving some of us for adoption." 

My husband stormed out and i'm left wondering if I've done something wrong.   
AITA?  

I have 3 kids, Raimondo (23M) Jonibella (20F) and Wren (9M). Raimondo graduated in May from college and Jonibella about a week ago from a decent community college. This was a big occasion for them so my husband and I decided to get both graduates an IPad and a $100 Visa card. (I know it isn’t much but it’s been tight since the pandemic hit, they both understand this.)

However, I really felt like Wren ought to have something too just for being such a trooper. He’s so much younger than them, getting to watch them have all these achievements that are still so far off for him, and I wanted him to know I noticed and appreciate it. So I went ahead and bought him an IPad, as well as a new Switch and a couple games since he’s younger and might not have much use for a Visa card. I did the gifts at the graduation party since I figured friends/family would like to watch. 

Everything was good until close to the end of the party when Jonibella cornered me, asking why I would “shower” Wren in new electronics when he isn’t even graduating. I told her it can be hard to grow up in a sibling’s shadow (I’d know, I have three myself), and I gave him the presents not for graduating but for being a good kid all through the graduation festivities. I told her it’s a lot to get through as a kid and I wanted Wren to know it didn’t go unnoticed. 

Jonibella said the sentiment was fine but why did I get him bigger gifts than either graduate. I said I just wanted to get presents everyone would like but I was trying to be conscious because again, pandemic really took a hit for us. She said “why don’t you just tell me you have a favorite” and stormed off. 

I don’t have a favorite or want Jonibella to think there is. She’s barely said anything to me since then and when she does it’s frosty. She says she doesn’t have anything to say to me until I apologize for “prioritizing my baby” over her. My husband thinks she should be more understanding because she hasn’t had the same experience and can’t speak from it, and I don’t want to return the gifts because Wren has been overjoyed with both and I’m so glad to see him happy. But I’m really wondering if I was out of line here just trying to please everyone.[removed]I 47m have 2 sons from my past marriage. Abel 16 and Michael 15. When I got remarried six years ago  Abel was very accepting and got on great with his new stepmom Laurie. Michael put up a fuss and was adamant about being with his mom full time. I fought like hell to keep him in my custody but once he hit 13 the agreement changed anyways. He stays with his mom half the month and with us the other half. 

We moved last year and Laurie and Abel have spent time decorating Abels room and making it his own. Michael was offered the same thing recently. Laurie offered to take him to IKEA, BEST BUY and some other store to find some new furniture and have a day to put the room together. He said he'd think about it and she respected that but still showed him paint colors, beds and stuff to get him excited about it. Last weekend he came home with a POD full of furniture his mom bought him. I asked him about it and he said his mom helped him pick out the furniture and was coming around in a few to help him build it and arrange everything. I told Laurie as a heads up and she was absolutely crushed. I took my son aside and told him the kind and fair thing to do would be to invite Laurie to help. He said "nah." and told me he wanted to build with his *Mom*. Unbeknownst to me Laurie did try to join them and asked if they needed help and my son sent her away and locked the door so she wouldn't come back. 

After Laurie told me this I grounded him for the week and told him at least he'd enjoy the room his *Mom* helped decorate.  He of course left early to his mother's and told me he he'd see me on our next rotation. Laurie is saying I shouldn't have grounded him for spending time with his mom and my ex wife is saying if I keep treating him like this I I won't see Michael outside of holidays and birthdays.

Edit for INFO: My son told me his mom was coming to help him decorate and I *did* say yes hoping he'd make it a "step'mom and mom" type of thing, I wasn't expecting him to completely exclude Laurie. 

To those who *must* know why my marriage ended, my wife came out and realized she couldn't be with me and be her most authentic self. I do not harbor hate towards her, if that can explain why I don't hate my ex-wife and why my current wife wasn't too upset to see her in the house. The marriage ended as amicable as possible until it came to custody.[removed]I am originally from Egypt but moved to Sweden after I accidentally became pregnant while on vacation several years back. My parents were enraged at the news since I wasn't married to the father of my child so I decided to separate from then and moved to Sweden and married my husband, we now have a son (15) and our cat. 

I recently convinced my husband and son to move to Egypt and things have been a little rough. Our son has been fighting left and right. One of the main reasons I wanted to move back was because my parents and I have made peace, but they do not want any Swedish spoken in their presence as it isn't 'their' language. My son knows Arabic as a second language but he refuses to speak it when he doesn't have to, instead speaking in Swedish for most of the time.

My parents have told me they don't like it and I don't like it either, I find it disrespectful and I feel like Sweden isn't part of our lives anymore, so I asked my son if he could stop speaking the language, at least so constantly. He called me an a$$hole and hasn't spoken to me. I don't want to involve my husband bevause he's been very stressed lately. 

I hope someone sees my point of view.Throwaway for privacy and also because of wanting to use few choice words cause I'm pissed af.


My soon to be ex wife "Lizzy" and I are currently seperated and both responsible for it. It's so fucking complicated but right now we agreed to be civil to each other for the sake of our son (she's 6 months pregnant) though she can't help but act out and ignore my concerned texts and calls about our son. Her excuse is that there isn't much I can do besides giving her space and piece of mind which is bull. I admit that I can be a bit of a hot head sometimes but she already knew that so she can't be acting surprised claiming she's only recently seen "my true colors" or some similar shit.
I've already spoke to her about picking a decent name and she agreed to consult with me later.


Few days ago I came over to our house to pick suff I needed for my new place. Her mom and sister were visiting and I overheared them say the name "Jimmy" repeatedly. I waited til my STBX-SIL got out to have a conversation with her (her and I have always been good to each other but of course things have changed  now) anyways, just out of curiousity I asked who the fuck Jimmy was and she said it's the name her sister picked for our son. I was infuriated and got hella agitated because she never told me she's already picked a name for our son and didn't even consider my input or listen to any suggestions I had.

I snapped and went inside to talk to her and my STBX-SIL followed me.
I confronted Lizzy about the name and asked why she excluded me from such big decision then went on about how incredibly, utterly disrespectful she has been acting recently and she kept saying my input is worth shit after the trouble I put her through. As if she was saying that's my punishment for what happened between us.

I told her very loudly that nomatter what goes on between us she can never change the fact that I'm still the father and get equal say in every-fucking-thing regarding our son. I insisted that she get that through her thick skull and understand I have no problem letting my lawyer deal with her unacceptable behavior.
She laughed in my face and told me to fuck off as she's the mother and get the *final* say. My STBX-SIL said I was stressing Lizzy out and had to go but I kept arguing about it. She got her mother involved and the 3 of them basically, ganged up on me and told me to leave.

I refused to just...drop it. And got my family involved as well although not all of them are on my side and against Lizzy's decision. Her mom called me horrible for stressing my "baby's mother" out and having her deal with mine and my family's bullshit. She told me to back off but I refused until I get fair say in my son's name. No ifs, buts, or Jimmy.

Is my reaction justified?My wife and I: 30s, married 2 years.
My wife frequently likes to have a cup of coffee in the evening >2 hours before going to bed. I have observed that this makes her settle into bed more slowly. 

I have mentioned this to her many times. She has a chronic pain condition which is probably impacted by the caffeine intake, making it harder for her to do routine things, leaving me to pick up the slack. When I've mentioned it, she says her doctor does not believe caffeine intake affects her condition - that's not really my point, it's more about her overall health being impaired by less restful sleep.

This week I decided our household should be coffee-free, and discarded the coffee machine and pods. I told my wife that if she'd like to drink coffee, she should get one from the cafe on the way to work (this is not a financial hardship, and I rarely drink coffee in the home anyway).

My wife has been very mad at me for "policing" a habit she enjoys and considers harmless. I noticed she has gone to bed more smoothly since the coffee left the home, but as she continues to be angry and short with me, I'm beginning to wonder if I went overboard. AITA?My FIL got married a few weeks ago, but they just returned from their honeymoon, and I've heard through the grapevine that they think i am an asshole. 

At the wedding we were put at the same table as my husband's mom, who we have not spoken to in three years. There was never a formal big no contact, she just stopped answering messages and stopped reaching out. My husband checked her social media once to make sure she was alive. She was alive and well, so we felt like fine if she wants to ignore us the relationship can just be over.

We haven't heard from her since, she hasn't met the baby, and it was sad for my husband for a little while, but he is over it. We expected her to be at the wedding but were surprised that she was seated next to us because FIL knows about the estrangement. MIL looked uncomfortable for a little while, but relaxed and was just ignoring us, but I could tell how uncomfortable my husband was. 

I went up to the head table and asked FIL and the bride why we were next to MIL (I did congratulate them first) FIL looked like he was trying really hard not to smile and said to ask the bride, she did the seating chart. She said it is just normal to put people with people they know. I asked if we could be moved because she was making my husband so uncomfortable. FIL asked what she was doing and I admitted nothing, and he told us to leave him alone and stop bothering them at their wedding.

I went back to the table. At this point my husband isn't even eating because he is stressed and MIL is twisted all the way around in her chair so she doesn't have to look at us and I just snapped and told my husband that we shouldn't stay when we have been disrespected and if his dad wanted us there he wouldn't have put us at that table.

MIL's husband was like you know we can hear you assholes, but I ignored him and asked my husband if he wanted to leave. He agreed and we went, but I heard that FIL and his wife were talking bad about us to MIL after we left and saying we are selfish, and MIL said we are hypocrites because we didn't care about her happiness at our wedding (I don't know what she meant by that)(Throwaway because my wife uses Reddit)

I (34m) was gearing up to celebrate my 10th anniversary with my wife (31f). I had an entire night planned out, like we were going to be trying lobster for the first time. Where the conflict arises was with the cake.

I had always wanted to do a penis shaped cake since I thought it was funny, but I didn't know how my wife would react. However, since it was our 10th anniversary, I figured she would be used to my crude sense of humor. I went ahead and got the cake a couple of days in advance and put it into our fridge.

However, my wife snuck a peek and was not pleased. She got really mad at me, and accused me of trying to ruin our special night. I thought that was ridiculous, but she's been mad at me ever since. Apparently she spoke with her family about it, and they've been blowing up my phone ever since (they're mostly conservative Mormons). I still don't think I did anything wrong by trying to do something nice for her, but I realized I might be TA because I haven't offered to get another cake yet since the mood is kind of ruined.[removed]So basically I rented out a nice venue (plus catering & drinks) for my birthday party and while we were partying, I noticed one of my friends and her boyfriend has disappeared for a while. I asked if anyone knew where they were and people just shrugged. 
About 10-15 minutes later, my friend and her boyfriend emerged from the bathroom looking quite “disheveled” (idk how else to put it but they looked flushed and their hair was a bit messy). 
So, I took my friend to the side and asked her point blank if she had had bathroom sex with her boyfriend just now and she looked at at me shocked and said “how could you tell?!” I just rolled my eyes and said “it wasn’t that hard to put together.” Then, I kinda waited for a moment for her to apologize and she didn’t. And I said, “are you going to say sorry?!” Then she basically said that she had nothing to be sorry about and what she did didn’t affect the party at all. I was a bit drunk so I ended up getting mad and asking her and her boyfriend to leave immediately. 
I personally don’t think I was wrong to be annoyed but my other friends implied I was overreacting by getting so angry and kicking them out. Also, in my defense, the party was almost over anyway. It ended about an hour later. 
The next day, I did feel a bit bad about my outburst but I can’t help but think I never would’ve done something like that at someone else’s party. Am I the asshole?

Additional info not initially included:
1. There were 14 people total there (yes, including my parents). Everyone else is in their early to mid-20s.
2. This took place at a venue meant for small-ish events in a hotel. Catered by restaurant within the hotel. 
3. The bathroom was the restaurant's bathroom, not a private one for the event.
4. Definitely not a booze-filled rager but also not a suuuper fancy dinner. (I was wearing my nicest shirt and pants but not a suit/tuxedo if that helps)

EDIT! (Didn't know I could do this but I'll update with what happened)
***After going through most of the comments, I came to the conclusion that both of us had been a-holes but I was the bigger one so I called her to apologize.
****For those who suggested that either of us should cut the other one off, let this be a lesson that acting messy while drunk is no reason to end a good friendship!

The outcome is... WE MADE UP! We agreed that neither of us would have done what we did if we hadn't been drinking. It was also the first real party we've had in over a year due to the pandemic so maybe that affected my behavior badly.

Both of us apologized and I also showed her this thread (Can't believe this blew up so much haha). It seems that having sex in the bathroom during a party is some kind of litmus test (idk what for tho).

Surprising revelations from her side of the story: THEY WERE HAVING MAKE-UP SEX! She estimates they were gone for about 40 min. Within that time, they had a huge argument in the bathroom and made up (by hooking up). She thinks a waiter came in and heard them but she's not sure.

Random thought: this whole ordeal would've made some great reality tv lol.

*Note (I know not that many people will read this but): I did not tell everyone at the party that I kicked them out. I said they decided to leave early. Then afterwards, I told 3 friends what actually happened. These are the friends who told me I overreacted. Turns out, they were right. :)I (26m) have been married to my wife (24f) for around 8 months. We recently bought a home and have been packing up and moving out of our apartment and to our new house.

For whatever reason my wife and my mom (53f) haven't really connected. This seems to bother my mother, as I have two older sisters who are both married and she has a great relationship with their husbands. So while we were busy packing up and moving my mom showed up and started to kind of insert herself into our efforts, asking what she could do to help.

I told her "Actually, mom, I think we pretty much have this. But thank you." But she persisted, helping us pack up boxes. While my wife and I were loading up boxes into the back of my truck me mom said "Here, why don't we try it like this; I think it will work better." This for whatever reason set my wife off and she snapped "Look, we don't need your help. Stop forcing yourself into this. We have it. I don't need you to tell me how to load our belongings. Leave us alone."

I honestly will never forget the look of hurt on my mom's face. She bowed out and left. Afterward I asked my wife "Was that really necessary?" She responded "Maybe I shouldn't have said that but your mom is so frustrating. She doesn't know when to quit."

A couple of days later the incident and the look on my mom's face was still on my mind, so I decided to invite my mom out to dinner at a local restaurant that she likes to tell her that I was sorry. I did this without talking to my wife first, but told her about it afterward and told her that she could also attend the meal and tell my mom she was sorry too if she wanted to. My wife vehemently declined and told me that the dinner was disrespectful to her; that my mom was being too pushy and wasn't owed an apology. She told me that I was being a "mama's boy." I told her that I'm not a mama's boy but that I'm not just going to stand for the woman who gave me life and sat by me  whenever I had a fever being disrespected; not even by my wife, and that my mom meant well and is owed an apology. My wife is upset with me. AITA?Yesterday, I went to Target to buy some clothes for myself. There was one item that I was looking for, but could not find. Since my 18 year old son works there, I figured that it would be okay to look in one of the back rooms that was open.

Incidentally, I ran into him while I was there, and he was pushing a cart that happened to have the item that I was looking for. So I went ahead and grabbed it, but when he saw me he yelled at me and demanded that I put it back and get out of the back room. I refused, because he wasn't there to shop, and these items are for people who shop there. He then started to throw a giant tantrum, saying that it was for some order. I asked him who it was for, and he couldn't tell me.

He ended up calling over a supervisor, and after some more arguing I eventually I got kicked out of the store because I wanted to buy an item. He is currently not willing to speak to me right now.

AITA?[deleted]I edit to explain, I'm expecting a boy (I have a girl) and that's why I thought they would help me plan the baby shower, also my husband and I paid for the first one, I don't want them to pay it for me I just wanted them to help me plan it like they do with all the women in the family even when they don't pay for the baby shower (and at my first baby shower I didn't ask for gifts, I just wanted to celebrate my baby and that's exactly what I want to do now)


In my (f24) family there is a new tradition and it is to plan a babyshower for the pregnant women in the family, and this time it was my sister in law's (f37) turn, and they spent a lot of money on decorations, food, and gifts like she was a queen, which I don't care at all, but it hurts and it hurts because when I was helping decorating some things I said something like that to my baby shower I wanted exactly the same flowers because I really liked them, and my sister (f36) told me that I already had a baby shower this year that that should be enough, that there won't be another baby shower for me until I know what birth control is. She said that because I got pregnant again when my daughter was only one month old (she's six months old now and I'm in my fifth month) and it was not planned as my first pregnancy, but my husband (m27) and I love this baby the same way. 

And that hurt because ever since I got pregnant (the second time) they tell me all the time how dumb I am or how much I will regret this in the future, and whenever they say those things I just ignore them or I just laugh, and I did the same this time, I just laughed and pretended that I didn't care at all. I did that because I honestly thought they were just kidding and they weren't serious, but the other day my husband asked me (in front of my family) if he should tell his mom to come for the baby shower, she lives like 14 hours away but she adores our babies and loves to help with everything that has to do with them. For my daughter's baby shower she helped a lot, so he wanted to know the date so he could tell his mom, but my mom said that this time it was my sister in law's turn and that I was not going to die for not having a baby shower, and that day i couldn't help it and i cried because i thought i was as important as her to them, and they apologized and said they would try to plan another one for me but i told them i was fine and again i pretended i didn't care.

And if that had been all I would have attended, but later my brother (m40) called me and accused me of being envious and told me that I just wanted attention and that's why I got pregnant again, to overshadow his wife, and called me a whore who doesn't know how to close her legs, and said that I was the worst mistake my parents could make, and that because of me they got divorced and a few more things that broke my heart, I couldn't stop crying and my husband who was with me hung up the phone for me and told me not to go, that it was enough and that I should cut them off, so for the first time I did the what he said and that didn't work because now I'm the villain. They said that my sister-in-law spent years trying to conceive and now that she finally got pregnant I was ruining everything, that she cried and that she didn't know why I didn't go, we have a really good relationship but I didn't told her anything because I didn't want to create problems between her and my brother, so I wanted to know, am I the asshole for not going?We were heading somewhere with my friend and his gf and I called shotgun and runned in front of her and took the passenger front seat. My friend said we're not doing shot guns and the front seat only goes to his gf or his grandma when either of them is present and that even his mom gives up the front seat out of respect for the gf and their relationship.

I said I don't care about that overdramatic stuff, I'm sitting in the front. He told me I either go to the back or he's not taking me,his car his rules. His gf stood there silent the whole time but I could tell she was annoyed.

I felt awkward and when I feel awkward my brain freezes and I told his gf to go sit in the back and let this drama go. I sat in the front and told my friend to get in and drive. He told me to get out of the car and find another way to get myself to our destination since I have no respect. AITA?[removed]Long time lurker, I apologise if I miss any information.


My sister has always been super close to my children (14F, 10F, 8M)

She’s been looking after them since she was in Y10 so when she was 15 and when my middle child was 1, it started off as two weeks a month after school and then she basically moved in with me until she was 18 and found her own place.

When she was 20 she moved into a two bedroom place and converted the second room into my children’s bedroom, they came around hers every other weekend and some school holidays.

The children are extremely close to her, they mistakenly refer to her as mummy sometimes so maybe I should be more grateful about this situation? 


She lives in a 3bedroom place with her wife, she’s a teacher and her girlfriend is a hairdresser if that’s relevant.

We were recently told they’re in the process of adoption, there’s no child lined up yet but they’re hoping it’ll be soon and obviously I’m happy for my sister because she’s so good with children and she’s been nothing but supportive of me and my children.

My middle child was talking about how excited she was to babysit the baby and have sleep overs with the baby.

My sister texted me, not even to my face! While my daughter was on my phone which is how they found out that the children’s bedroom will be converted into their children’s bedroom and that if anything they’ll get a sofa bed or air mattress for when the children stay.


As I said as reluctant about this I am the children do consider my sister as their second mum and to be pushed away like this because they’re wanting a baby?

I told her I was upset with this because they have their spare room which they’re currently using as a room for their rabbit, how can a rabbit be priority? And it’s not like they’re babies so they can share a room with a rabbit?

My eldest goes college in two years and she was told she could stay with them while she completed college, she’s messaged them upset and won’t tell me what she’s said.

I said I felt like they were being selfish by pushing my children away for a child they don’t even have and not even having the nerve to talk to my children face to face.

SIL messaged my husband, once again not communicating, telling him how I ruined they’re special news and that it’s manipulative, their future child will take priority and the children may full well be grown up by the time they’re even allowed a child.

It’s all become an issue; my husband is on SILs side but honestly I’m still upset? They’ve been there for my children and the moment they may be getting a baby my children have been pushed away and they didn’t even have the decency to tell us face to face.

AITA?So me and my boyfriend live together in a fairly large rented house, despite the fact that neither of us want children. The house has 4 decently sized bedrooms, one of which is our bedroom, while one is a an office. The other two are empty. Despite the fact that that we don't have kids, we are avid pet lovers, and we own a 3 year old Rottweiler, a one year old Bulldog, as well as a 7 year old cat.

Yesterday, my brother asked me to watch his children, since he had to go to the hospital due to his wife breaking her leg. I was the only one available at the time, so my brother dropped his children (a 9 year old boy and a 7 year old girl) off at our house. Unfortunately, this arrangement wasn't suitable for us, since we'd made plans to drop our dogs off at a doggy spa while we went to the mall. I called my friend, who agreed to look after the kids (I compensated her monetarily, even though she told me there was no need to). My brother has never met this friend, but I'd never leave any child in a dangerous position. While we were at the mall, my brother calls me to ask me where we are. I told him that his kids were at my friends house. He was furious with me, and hung up on the phone soon after. Around 30 minutes later, my friend calls to say that my brother has picked the kids up, and that he was irate, to say the least. My brother has tried to call me since, but I haven't picked up the phone, since I know he likely only wants to have an argument with me.

Today, my dad called me to ask me why I'd chosen my "dumb dogs" over my nephew and niece, which irritated me. I told my dad that while I feel sorry for his wife, it isn't my responsibility to drop everything and look after children that aren't even mine. I also told him that if he's going to insult my family, then he shouldn't expect to walk me down the isle. I know my choice of words could have been kinder, however, I don't think it's fair to impose the responsibility of looking after kids on me, when I've made the decision to not have any.

AITA?

EDIT: A lot of people are asking whether I agreed to watch the kids or not. In short, I didn't really have a chance to respond. My brother phoned me while on route to the hospital to tell me that he needs someone to watch his kids due to his wife breaking her leg. Around 5 minutes later he turns up at my house with the kids, before saying he has to go to the hospital.This happened pre-covid.

I was a doctoral candidate and was sent with several of my colleagues, as well as our professor, to a conference which was important in our community. The conference was held in Germany and the participants occupied the entire hotel. Just so we're clear: there were no guests in this hotel who were not attending this conference.

The hotel had a spa, and as is custom in Germany, the spa had a no-bathing suits-allowed policy, which was posted at the entrance. You couldn't miss it. The conference itself was hugely international, and the key speakers were mostly Nobel laureates. 

On the second day of the conference, myself and some newly made friends decided to check out the spa. This being a work conference, I wore a bathing suit. It was strapless and I had a towel over it so it wasn't obvious, but many of the others who joined me (probably a little over twenty PhD students), were just straight up rocking the bathing suit. We had the whole hotel to ourselves, and who the fuck would go naked at a work meeting?

Well, turns out, one of the female professors. When we walked into the area of the spa in which she was, alone and totally nude, she flipped the fuck out on us. Several of us were actually *her* students, but the rest of us basically knew her from reputation alone. She was mortified and beyond pissed that we weren't exposed while she was.

After she finished shrieking at us, she left and complained to all of our professors as well as to the hotel staff. Nothing came of it and I won't guess their reactions as I wasn't there to hear it.

We ended up enjoying the next four days in the spa in our bathing suits, along with sometimes also bathing suit-claden professors and sometimes also their children. The professor who'd complained left the conference that day and did not return, which is why I think we may be the assholes.[removed][removed]My sister thinks I’m the ah but I’m confused as to how I would be. I was buying a bagel on thursday and noticed that the cashier was rather pretty. She had a tattoo so she was probably at least 18, she looked around 19-20. After I made the order, I complimented her saying “you know that you’re gorgeous right?” And to my shock, she gave me a blank stare and she looked kind of disgusted. I tried to make conversation with her as I own boats and asked her if she had ever been on one, etc, and she told me “you’re done with your order right? I think we’re done here.” She didn’t even give me a thank you. And she gave me a nasty look. I really don’t think i was crude or nasty with my compliment and her reaction was shocking. I told my sister about it and she said that it was weird for me to give any sort of compliment on a girls looks considering that I’m 58, but I wasn’t flirting with her I was just complimenting her. She then proceeded to tell me that I shouldn’t make comments like that to workers because they’re in a awkward situation. AITA for complimenting a cashier?

Tl;dr: I gave a compliment to a cashier and she was disgusted and I’m wondering if I’m the AH

Edit: I guess people don’t know what a COMPLIMENT is nowadays or what manners are. The polite thing to do after receiving a compliment is to say a “THANK YOU” and at least a smile or nod. Was trying to be nice to the cashier because I pitied her honestly. She was full of herself and I’ll be going back to let her know that she needs to lower her ego.My younger daughter (12) has ADHD inattentive type. She isn't the bouncing-off-the-walls stereotype, rather, most of her struggles go on in her head, she finds it extremely difficult to focus on schoolwork, zones out frequently etc.

Recently she had an exam, and managed to score an A for every subject. This was the first time she had achieved this, so my husband and I were very proud and brought her out for dinner + got her a bicycle, something she had wanted for a while.

My older daughter (15) was upset at our 'favoritism', because she's always been a straight-A student and we never 'showered her with praise' like we did with her sister. I tried to explain to her that her sister faced difficulties that she never had to deal with and I asked her to be more understanding, plus I also reminded her that we always brought her out for a nice (and expensive) dinner whenever she came back with her good results.

We got in a bit of an argument and she kept bringing up the bike, even though I repeatedly stated that it was a perfectly reasonable reward. Things have been tense between us, my husband agrees with me but my mother tells me that I'm playing favorites, which I really don't think I was or am.

It's also worth mentioning that the only difference in the way I treat my daughters is that I'm actually more strict with my youngest, because she needs more prompting to start and finish tasks.

AITA?

Edit: Thank you for the comments. Just to clear things up, yes my oldest has a bike, yes we did get her something the first time she got all As. I feel that both of them struggle with different areas, and that a proper fair reward would be to give my oldest an extra present if she reaches a milestone in an area she struggles in as much as her sister. However, I also see how my oldest may have felt her achievements were undervalued, and that she might have internal struggles I'm not properly dealing with as a parent. I will sit down and I will discuss things with her.[removed]Throwaway of course.

&#x200B;

Not sure if it matters, but I (45F) am married to my husband Henry (45M) and we have multiple children together, Oldest being my twins Christian (17M) and Elizabeth (17F). Liz was going to turn 15 come January of 2019, and as we are Hispanic, it was tradition to hold a Quinceñera for a girl on her 15th birthday. Christian didn’t even want to go, but I said that wasn’t an option and it stopped there. Everything seemed to go smoothly until later on when it was time to escort her into the party. Chris did his part but he was not enthusiastic at all. Near the end of the night it was time for the dance with Liz and her brother, but he did not show up, even after the announcer repeated his name thrice. My daughter was left alone and she started crying and I was absolutely furious. I could not believe he would do this to her. I tried to call his cell but he had blocked me everywhere.

&#x200B;

After getting home, the twins never spoke to each other again. Liz adjusted to this just fine. Chris however struggled with behavioral issues after that and everyone else in the family distanced themselves from him aside from my brother. I’m not sure what happened, but after this school year came around (Sept 2021), he took a complete 180. He had gotten a perfect score in a subject he never once liked or was able to comprehend the material of. His teachers thought he was cheating, honestly, and I confronted him about it. He seemed angry at the question but dismissed it and did not say a word to me. Anyway, last night I received an email about senior pictures yesterday and wanted the two to take pictures together, as this was such an important milestone, but Liz refused and called him a cheater. Chris retorted and called her jealous now that he was better than her at something and he wouldn't want to associate with a shitty family anyway, which made me snap at him. I told him that everyone has put up with his bullshit for so long and he only has himself to blame for no one wanting to interact with him in the family for doing such a horrible thing, and he called me an AH. Henry stepped in and we told him that if he felt this way and talked to us this way he wouldn't be allowed in the house anymore. He ended up going to his room and calling his uncle about staying with him, and out of nowhere, my brother starts calling me the asshole and claiming I have always had a clear bias and it was my fault the twins ended up this way, but I firmly reminded him that Christian was the one who ruined his sister's party! I don't even have a bias for either of my children. To be honest it's all getting to me at this point, I know it sounds fake, I really wish it was. I really need to know, how am I possibly the AH here?

&#x200B;

PS: There are so many things I could've included but didn't as it would've been too long, but I would be more than willing to clear things up in the comments.Back round about my brother (32M) so this makes sense: He was the 1st one in our family to finish high school. When he applyed for college after high school he did not get excepted to any. He tried again the next year and got in to 1 college. The college was a Rank Not Published in the ranking system which means itss so low they don't publish the number out of respect. Its also a college that over 95% of people get in to and one of the easiest in America. Then when he finished college he tried to get in to Medical school. He didn't get an interview much less getting in to a school. The next year he tried again and he got into 1 single school but was on the wait list 1st. It was a Rank Not Publish again meaning it is one of the lowest in America. And also he is not even a Medical doctor he called a D.O. instead. If you search D.O. on Google its easy to see thats not as good as a Medical doctor. 

After Medical school he did not a residency job. Which you need in order to be a doctor. He had to wait another year to try again. Then he got one but it was for Psychiatrist which is the least respected medical field according to Google. Also one of the easiest residency jobs to get. The state he is had the residency job in is one of the easiest ones in all of America to get a Medical license. He finished his residency job this summer and he got a real job. That state is also 1 of the easiest to get a Medical license. His new job gave him a bonus for joining it and it was enough for a downpayment on a house because its in the middle of no where. The Real Estate there is super cheap and almost anyone can afford it. My point about all this is its great he is a doctor but its not like he went to a good collage and then a Medical school like Havard. He never he always had to try a 2nd time. He isn't in a great kind of medical field like surgery or in a state where it is hard to get a license. And he owns a house but in a place where almost anyone can afford to. Not like in some places where Real Estate is expensive.

In between when his residency job finished and when his house and real job were ready he came to visit. Since there was no room at our parents (52 M,F) he was sleeping here. He didn't need to talk about his new job because I (33F) already know about it. But he talked about the start date and I kept telling him to knock it off b/c it wasn't so great and he shouldn't be so mighty because he failed every step of the way and always did the easiest things.

He said one time "its rich for you to say so" and so I kicked him out. Our parents agreed with me so he left the park all together. He think I should apologize but I don't think so. If he was a Medical doctor from a good college with a hard job like surgery and he had an expensive house maybe it would be different. He said he's not coming back unless we apologize and he barely stays in touch. He thinks I'm TA and I think he is (so do our parents btw). Which of us was right and which was TA?I (F61) have 5 sons and I always wanted the best for them, to go to college, get married, have children and be successful and nice human beings. I think I did the right thing raising all of them. Between my children, two of them are part of the lgbt community, one is gay and other other is bisexual. My older son (M41) had some trouble settling down but he was in a relationship with this wonderful guy. His ex was honest, family oriented, and very successful as a lawyer, and they were planning to get married, unfortunately they broke up almost three years ago. My son recently started dating a guy I don’t even know, he’s 13 years younger than my son. As far as I know he has a job, but he’s too young for my son. It's not that I don't like the guy, it's that I feel that he and my son are not compatible. My son is well educated, he’s successful and I don’t want this guy to take advantage of him. Meanwhile this guy has a normal job, is ridiculous and impolite. This boy has no class, he’s ridiculous and inappropriate. I don't like the youthful way in which he dresses, the mannerisms of him, I consider it rude. I know that many mothers can relate to my situation. It’s obvious that he’s not compatible with my son. 

My son brought his boyfriend to Thanksgiving because I invited them, after dinner my son’s boyfriend asked me if I wanted help. I told him that I didn’t need any help but he did it anyway. My daughter-in-law is pregnant, she and I were talking about when she receives the baby and how there will be a new member in the family, to which she replied “we actually have two new members of the family” referring to my son's boyfriend. So I told her that we really only have a new member because my son's boyfriend is not part of the family yet. What I was referring to is that in reality this boy is not part of the family because he has not married my son yet. My son called me complaining about having spoken to his boyfriend like that, called me a classist and asked me to apologize. I was just being logical, they’re not married. He will be part of the family if he gets to marry my son… AITA for being logical?My daughter Stephie just turned 9 on Saturday. She's been asking for a Switch for a while now, and I think she's gotten old enough and mature enough that I can trust her with a big present like that. So the plan was always to give Stephie the Switch at her birthday party which was the same day.  However, that ended up falling through. We ended up not being able to pick up the Switch until Sunday morning.

See, Stephie was invited to her classmate Jolene's party on Sunday. So I figured that since we were still in the party spirit, I would just give Stephie the Switch after cake at Jolene's party. Nothing more than that. Just the unwrapping and then the spotlight would be right back on Jolene. Besides, the girls are friends so I figured it wouldn't be a big deal. They're 9, they're old enough to understand this was an extenuating circumstance.

Or so I thought. Everything went as I had planned and I thought it went well, but after the party was over I got a call from Jolene's mom essentially asking me what the hell I was thinking. That I was "undermining" her because she couldn't afford something like a Switch for Jolene. Correct me if I'm wrong but I have not raised Stephie to even really care about things like how much a present costs. Also, Jolene didn't even care because she had numerous new things to play with, and Stephie shared her Switch with her so it seems to me like everyone made out well.

Jolene's mom also called me petty and a show-off (she and I do not like one another and I won't sugarcoat it, but I put that aside for the kids because our issues aren't their fault, which Jolene's mom is definitively not doing). Husband says he gets where I was coming from but maybe should have at least waited until after Jolene's presents were opened so she could have hers first. That's fair but I'm not sure if that quite makes me an AH to Jolene. AITA?Throwaway account

Some background info: I (50 F) have 2 adult kids Mike (30) and Marie (29) and both are married. The last 5 or so years we have had to have a split Christmas where one kid and spouse will come over one day and the other another day. This is just how its worked out between their work schedules and their spouse family Christmas gatherings. Now onto the issue

I texted them both yesterday asking if they can still come over Christmas Eve. Mike said yes but Marie wasn't aware that I was planning a gathering then and said she couldn't come due to work and her husband's family gathering. We can't all do Christmas Day either because Mike and his wife are having her family over for a gathering. So I asked if Sunday would work and Marie said yes but Mike said no unless it was later in the evening since he has to work. I was over trying to beg for a bit of family time so I just texted both of them and said I'd leave their presents on their porches since there's no time for our family anyway and it seems to them that our family doesn't matter, only their spouses families. They both tried calling and texting me but I ignored them.

Later on my husband convinced me to do Sunday after 3. I told the kids this but said that since they don't care about our family anymore this will be the last family Christmas for good. I'm not dealing with my family being forgotten by my kids. Marie then told me stop being such an asshole and to stop acting like a martyr. I really don't think I'm in the wrong though. My kids are the ones not making time for the family. So, AITA?[removed]I never loved my daughter. Not really. I always hated the idea of children so me and my wife (but mostly me) were super careful. One way or the other though, she got pregnant. I know it happens sometimes, but my wife didn’t want to get rid of the baby. We talked about it for a bit but eventually we agreed to keep the baby because I didn’t want to make her feel like she had to do something she didn’t want to, especially with her child.
So boom, baby. Except after she had the baby, it didn’t seem like she was taking care of her as much as she should have. Sometimes I would come home from work and the baby would be alone with my wife nowhere to be seen. I didn’t want the baby to live a life of being neglected and have us never give her a chance for a good childhood, so I tried to take care of the baby when I could. Admittedly, I was very bad at it. I didn’t know how to take care of a baby, which is something I should have begun researching when it was confirmed we were having the baby. I was also never really mentally prepared to care for a baby, as I had never wanted one and, truth be told, really despised children and taking care of them. But regardless, I still tried to take care of her when my wife wasn’t around, which was a lot of the time.
Fast forward 15 years, my daughter is now 15 years old. I have taken care of this child, put her into school, spent money that I worked for on this kid that I never even wanted, for 15 years now. And my wife still seems to be absent for the child. One evening, we were eating dinner and my wife was talking about “how good of a baby she raised”. I snapped at her and told her that she had never raised this baby and that she was selfish for pushing her choice on me. Everything got quiet after that and we just sort of all left. I know that she was never present for our daughter and I guess everything from the past years just boiled over. But mostly, I feel bad about saying it in front of my daughter. I don’t want her to feel like she’s responsible or blame herself for me and my wife’s relationship. I want her to live a good life and I don’t want our conflict to ruin that for her.

So, AITA?Her kids were having a sleepover. We’ve always had this picture of my family up from when we were really young, and this was the FIRST time her kids ever asked about it. She has also seen the picture and never commented on it. They asked who she was in the picture.

My sister started transitioning in high school so I don’t really think of her as “trans.” Like I know she wasn’t always a woman but old pictures of her are just pictures of her to me. And I sort of assume people know and it’s not a big dark secret.

Naturally, I responded honestly. I told them that was their mom, her daughter said she looked like a boy, and I said she was. I tried to explain that she was a boy but now she’s not and her son thought it was funny, but it made her daughter really upset. I was surprised she kept it from them.

It didn’t come up again after that, her and her husband picked the kids up eventually and neither kid seemed upset about it. Overall it was a pretty good sleepover.

A few hours later, I have her husband on the phone asking what I said and calling me “insane.” He said my sister is “distraught.” He was saying I outed her and how cruel that was, but kids are pure. Outing means nothing to them because you can teach them empathy and understanding. There’s nothing to be afraid of, being outed to a kid.

Still I did out her, which I apologized for. I eventually got her on the phone and she said she’s really upset with me but she understands I didn’t mean to cause any harm. I asked her if she was ever planning to tell her kids and she said she wasn’t sure. I was SHOCKED at that. My sister isn’t typically a dishonest person. AT ALL. Both kids even know they’re adopted. I told her I did her kids a favour, which I believe, and then she said I’m never sorry about anything.

I think outing is horrible, but in this situation, was it justified? My husband also agrees it’s the kind of lie that would have left her children distrustful of her in the future.

UPDATE: Okay, I'm in the wrong. The few people agreeing with me have been majority extremely rude and transphobic to my sister. I'll be apologizing to her. Please understand I did not want to make this a place where transphobes could spout rhetoric.[deleted]I (F 58) will always be a mother to my twin sons, “Thomas” and “Sam.” In the summer after they graduated, when they were 18, Thomas passed away. I can’t begin to explain how broken I was. 

At that point, Sam had already accepted an offer to go to an Ivy League school. My husband and I had about 100k each saved up for the boys, but Sam’s school was so expensive that the money wouldn’t cover it. Before Thomas passed, Sam was fine with taking out student loans to cover the rest.

Then we lost Thomas. Less than two months after it happened, Sam asked if he could have the 100k that was set aside for Thomas. I lost it on him. I told him that it was Thomas’s money and not his, and it deserved to go to Thomas. This is where I might have been the AH, because Sam could have used that money. But he didn’t get a cent of it. 

To be fair, my husband and I didn’t get a cent of it either. We donated it all to various charities against drunk driving in memory of Thomas. 

That was all about 10 years ago. Sam took out student loans, but he’s so young and already a very successful lawyer. I believe he’s paid most of the loans off by now (possibly all?). If it matters at all, my husband and I contributed a significant amount (about 50k) to his law school tuition as well. 

I thought we were past it, but the other day, Sam brought up how unfair it was for me to refuse to give him Thomas’s money. We had a tearful argument over it, and now I just don’t know what to think. If I could do it again, I still don’t think I would give that money to Sam. Does that make me an AH?

Edit: because some people are confused about the way I worded things, here’s a better explanation of the money. We had 2 separate college accounts for the boys. Each account had 100k in it. After Thomas passed, Sam still got the 100k he always knew he’d get. He just didn’t get the additional 100k from Thomas’s account. We never took money away from Sam. We just didn’t give him any extra money that he wouldn’t have had if Thomas had been alive.I work in a job where socializing and networking is very important. I make good money as of right now, but have a lot of ambition to rise higher at my current company. My wife stays home with our two children (2 M and 4 M)

The company is owned by "Eva" who my wife really struggles to be around. Eva inherited the company from her dad and is very princessy and spoiled, and I get why my wife doesn't like her. I actually do like her, but it is an acquired taste. The other woman my wife doesn't like is "Claire" the CEO's wife. Due to my position she had to entertain Claire a couple times over the summer and hated it. She said she is annoying, spoiled, and "setting women back" We also had to attend Eva's birthday party a couple months ago, and my wife told me after the fact how uncomfortable it made her. She feels like it is a fashion show and she can't compete with the other women and she feels like Eva and Claire are laughing at her, but does not have specific examples.

Honestly Eva is gorgeous. Claire is not really my type, but I hear men around the office drooling over her. I don't know if my wife feels insecure, so I try to booster her confidence. She feels that Eva doesn't like her and that she doesn't fit in with the other wives, but again doesn't have any examples. Saturday was the company Christmas party and she really didn't want to go due to not having a cocktail dress, but I told her how important it was. When we got there she whispered to me that Eva looked like a whore, so I knew that it wasn't going to be a great night. 

When we left the party, i could tell that my wife was fuming. She said that Eva made a joke about her being vanilla in bed. I believe her because Eva blurts out some weird shit. Honestly I think Eva got that from the guys at work but obviously she should not have said that. She also said that Claire "mom shamed" her for not having a nanny and implied we should prioritize date night over our kids. She admitted that she didn't think Claire meant that maliciously and they were just talking about life. I know Claire's husband pretty well and he is pretty old fashioned about his wife comes way before his children, not really our thing, but I don't think Claire was trying to be mean.

I validated that Eva and Claire should be more careful about what they say and thanked my wife for sucking it up for the night. She said that was the last work social event she would be attending. I said I know she hates them, but it is very important to my career. The people at the executive level all have spouses who fit in well and socialize. She said she didn't care and she would no longer be making herself uncomfortable. 

I ended up snapping at her that she was being selfish and somewhat childish. I know it isn't fun, but lots of things in life aren't fun and this is the nature of my job. She was very upset and said I was invalidating her feelings, though i don't see it that way because I agreed that neither of them should have said what they said.[removed]I’ll try to keep this short...I’ve been married to my wife for over a year now, have a stepson (14m) and a biological daughter (9f). When we married, my wife and I agreed that I would sell my house and move into hers because there’s more living space. Stepson already had his own room, so my daughter got the extra bedroom, which is smaller than his. It was fine at first, but my daughter has a lot of stuff and soon it became too small cramped for her. Stepson also only lives with us part time (5 days with us, 9 days with bio dad) and has a huge room at his dad’s. My daughter lives with us full time so this is her only room. 

It seemed to me that the logical thing would be for my daughter to have the larger room since she has more stuff, and spends all of her time here. Wife was hesitant at first and felt like my stepson would be upset and feel like he’s being pushed aside, but I convinced her that my daughter needed the space more so she ultimately agreed. We ended up switching rooms this week, freshly painted them and my wife did some shopping for stepson’s new room so he’d feel special. He came home from his dad’s and we surprised him with his new room. He reacted ok, thanked us for the new stuff and didn’t seem upset at first. But now he’s been moping and has been cold to all of us. Wife is now regretting our choice and upset at me for convincing her that it would be fine. 

AITA?I (23M) have dated my girlfriend (19F) for a little under a year now. I’ve come to love her a lot and my love language is gift giving. My girlfriend has always been the type of girl that’s just hard not to love. She’s the definition of magnetic. Guys always approach her and understandably, she’s a high caliber girl. She could easily be anyone’s dream girl. Looks amazing and everything about her is feminine, down to her hands and how she comforts me or makes me food. She has an “expensive” look to her, but she does all her self care her self and is amazingly cost efficient about it. As a result, the kinds of guys that go after her are usually trust fund babies or are highly ambitious (med school, law school, business start-ups, things like that), despite herself not being anywhere in that tax bracket. This isn’t her fault because I’ve seen myself that she never entertains anyone but she just has that affect on people. It makes me feel like less of a man because I’m nothing like those guys and honestly it makes me feel like a bum. 

One day while walking past her computer, I notice that she was looking at a designer perfume and I told her I’ll get it for her. She’s adamant that she doesn’t want me to get it for her and that she was just kind of day/dreaming about it. Shes literally never asked me for anything but I wanted to show her that I can take care of her and spoil her too. 
 
I look into it and the perfume is 300 fucking dollars. What the fuck. I don’t see the point in something like that but honestly my pride would be hurt if I went back on my word, so I find the perfume for a much greater value on eBay.

Today comes and I gift her the perfume. She unwraps the present, sprays it on her hand to smell it and her face is a blank expression, like shes trying to decide how to react. I ask her what’s wrong and she gives me a hug and a kiss on the cheek, thanking me that I wanted to get her something nice. I don’t know why, but it made me feel like shit, I was expecting a much bigger reaction. I keep pushing her as to why it seems like she doesn’t like her gift and she tells me that she loves the idea, but it’s obviously fake. I feel like this was an extremely ungrateful thing to say and I called her a brat for even caring if the perfume is fake or not. I also said that she’s materialistic due to the fact that she could supposedly even tell it was fake by merely looking at it and smelling it once. She says that it’s dumb that i made a big show about getting it for her if I was just going to do this, and that what i got her is nothing like the original perfume that it couldn’t even be considered an imitation. I think it shouldn’t matter because I practically still got her the perfume she wanted, I just didn’t drop 300 for it. This is making me see her in a different light.

So reddit, AITA?

TLDR; I got my girlfriend a fake for a 300 dollar perfume she wanted. Apparently she could automatically tell it was fake and it made her look really materialistic and ungrateful. AITA for getting her a fake?[removed]A while ago, I(23F) bought a multi-socket adapter. I generally use it myself to charge my own devices and whatever else I need it for. My roommate(21F) thinks it's for the household and that anybody can use it even though I paid for it by my own money.

My phone was running low battery, and somebody had plugged in the socket where I needed to put in my phone charger. I took it out and charged my phone, as I needed to go out soon. The next day, my roommate comes up to me furious. Apparently she plugged her mini fridge into the socket and when she went to go grab a yogurt that morning, she found all her food had spoiled.

I tried to argue that it was mine and I should be able to use it when I need to but she wasn't listening and got my other roommates to back her up claiming I should let the others use it and I was an asshole for not asking before unplugging things. I said I was sorry that her food spoiled but it is mine and if she wants to use it she can give me half of what I paid for it. Now she isn't talking to me and the rest of my roommates are on her side.

&#x200B;

Edit: Okay I get that I'm the asshole but can people stop sending me harsh things in pm? I already talked to my roommate and said I'll pay for her week's groceries. Still not on good terms but everybody glossed over the fact she didn't ask me to use it in the first place and won't let anybody else use her mini fridge and NO I did not do it on purpose. The reason I didn't plug it back in after is because like I said I was rushing to go out so I didn't miss my class and I completely forgot about it until my roommate mentioned it the next day. Yes I admit this was an asshole thing to do but it was not malicious so please stop.[removed]I have a supposedly have a three year old son. His mother and I split up when he was 3 months old. I haven’t picked him up for any visitation but my mother insists on getting him every other weekend and gets him from my ex. 

I don’t think he is mine. I have another son on the way now. About a year ago his mother put me on child support that I don’t pay because I’m not paying for a child that’s not mine. I sighed the birth certificate so I’m screwed there. I owe over 2 grand so they suspended my license. 

I contacted his mother and asked her to take me off child support and she told me no because I need to help support our son. She’s married now so her husband could definitely take care of the boy and him not be pinned on me. I have another child I need to provide for when he is born. 

I told my Mom to stop picking up my “son” and she flew mad at me and said she couldn’t believe me and that she absolutely won’t stop seeing the child. I told her he wasn’t mine and she scoffed at me and told me to leave and that I was being an asshole. I don’t want her to pick him up. She won’t listen to me. I may be an asshole for yelling at my mother but she should believe me about him not being mine and be on her own child’s side instead of my ex’s.[removed][removed]My wife was suppose to be a boy. Her parents had picked out the name Michael for her but well she wasn't a boy. However for whatever reason, they made Michael her nickname and everyone calls her that. Her name isn't Michael. When I met her, I found it kinda cute that everyone called her that. Now its just  annoying. Hardy anyone calls my wife her name. Her parents, friends, family, coworkers - she'll tell complete strangers to call her Michael.

Like I said, it is no longer cute and just teeth grinding annoying to hear the name Michael throwout our marriage. I asked her if she can stop using the nickname or switch to a feminine nickname like Michelle. She shot me down saying Michael is her name. I told her no its not! We got into a small argument where I pointed out she's not taking my feelings into consideration here! I even had someone ask me once if my wife was trans cause of the name Michael.  She told me to leave the house and to come out when I want to talk. Its my house too! In the end, my wife took a bag and went to her brother's house.

I called once I thought she had cooled down and again asked that for the sake of our marriage for her to stop encouraging the nickname. She hung up on me. I'm not asking much. Just don't want people calling my wife Michael anymore!

AITA?

&#x200B;

Edit: For all of those you asking my wife's name is Loni and don't starts with some BS saying "oh I know a boy named Loni." no you don't. Loni is much prettier than Michael and rather people called her by her name, not a nickname! Also I never heard of whatever actress you are talking about cause I don't go looking up women named Michael! I \[33M\] have recently purchased and run a high-end bar. I want the venue to maintain a certain standard and image and therefore require my staff to wear professional work attire as the uniform. As with professional attire for most fields, this includes female staff wearing makeup. This is the image of my bar that I want my guests to experience. I see no issues with this, and when I worked hospitality when I was in my early 20's, female staff were always required to wear makeup, no dramas. I clearly communicate the acceptable uniform to my staff through the style guide I provide every few months. 

"Lisa" \[22F\] has decided that because she studied a woman's course at uni she's now more 'woke' than us and has made an issue over me requiring the female staff to wear makeup and not the guys. This is quite laughable to me because obviously guys don't wear makeup for a professional uniform. Lisa on Friday night refused to wear makeup to her shift, and I had to send her home on a busy Friday night. She said it isn't fair that I have such a strict emphasis on the female uniform when the male uniform is a lot less effort – and that it's 'discriminatory'. She also said if I want the girls to spend an hour doing a full face of makeup then I can pay the girls for an extra hour and the products. I laughed in her face and told her my uniform does not differ from professional attire in any industry and it's standard for woman to wear makeup in professional environments. Furthermore, I am the owner/manager and can choose the attire my staff wear for the bar's look that I want. She said her wearing makeup does not compromise her ability to bartend and actually looks less professional when she's sweating in makeup. I told her there are bars in our city that literally have females serving in lingerie or hostesses dolled up to the 10's, and you're having a whinge about dressing professionally. Have you ever been to Vegas? Do you think those girls working hostess jobs in hospitality don't have to look a certain way for that role? I sent her home.

I was going to fire her if she did a repeat of this on Saturday, but she'd gotten all the girls to wear no makeup, and now none of them will work until I change the rules. I do need to see if I am the AH here because it's Christmas, summer, and I'm short staffed.For context, my (M36) stepson (M19) lives at home with my wife (F41) and I.

Last weekend, I found a woman (F20s) in my living room after I woke up in the morning. She had slept over in my stepson's room, and my stepson was still asleep (he normally sleeps in late on the weekends). When I first came downstairs, she was crying on the phone. I proceeded to introduce myself and ask if I could help with anything. She said that she was on the phone with her mother, who was taking care of her son while she was staying over with my stepson. I proceeded to ask if she knew my stepson through his job, and she said that they met online (Bumble).

We talked a little bit further, and, due to reasons I will explain, I ultimately told her that she should not be prioritizing dating (especially men like my stepson) and should instead focus on her career and spending more time with her son (she was a single mother).

Here's the thing. My stepson has been living with my wife and I since he graduated high school over a year ago. He is handsome, tall, and in-shape (due to his full-time work as a swimming instructor and lifeguard). Since he graduated, he has brought numerous women over to our house (at least 20, but I have lost count now and am not always aware due to working sporadic hours). 

At first, my wife and I were surprised about how he was meeting them. He barely has enough time to date, and uses most of his free time in his room playing video games. When we confronted him about it, he said that he just uses online dating to set up dates and either brings them to our house or drives to them.

Last year, he had two pregnancy scares (which he handled himself, but my wife and I were aware). Furthermore, a few months ago, I noticed that he kept bringing back two different women to our house in alternation.

Although I've always been a monogamous, long-term relationship type of guy, I understand the whole gist of young men "sowing their wild oats." My wife doesn't seem to mind much as long as it's safe and consensual. However, I feel like my stepson may not be being completely transparent with his dates, and I certainly don't believe he is currently a good candidate for young, single mothers.

Am I in the wrong for interjecting and diverting this young, single mother away from her current situation with my stepson? I believe that her son will greatly benefit from her taking a break from dating and spending more time with him.

**EDIT:** To clarify, I will admit that I have a protective urge when it comes to single mothers. My wife had a number of abusive partners in her past and has been in therapy ever since. While I'm not saying my stepson is abusive, I do not believe that the "hookup" culture he's engaging in is healthy for a young, single mother with her whole future ahead of her. Career and children come first, in my opinion.Sock account. Need opinion fo solve issues going on in my family.

So my, (26f) husband (30m) has fun trolling people and getting under their skin online and WhatsApp but he’s never rude in person just in cyber world. It’s just his personality. 

We have this cousin chat and one cousin, samuel (30m) has always been sensitive to my husbands antics. He did directly tell my husband he doesn’t appreciate him making fun of his beliefs, politics, appearance for laughs but my husband continued to do it and Samuel eventually just took it and remained quiet.

We were all at peace for about a year and my husband continued to make jokes but Samuel ignored. My husband made another joke about Samuel when samuels wife, Alia (25f) stepped in saying she didn’t appreciate us using her husband as punching bag and everyone on the chat is rude for not stopping my husband. 

Alia has always been a hothead, someone offends somebody else, she always steps in and attacks. She’s doesn’t let people fight their own battles and it’s annoying. 

So my cousins and I made a private chat talking about how Samuel is too sensitive and Alia shouldn’t be so crazy. Somehow Alia found out about this and messaged me.

Here is the part of messages which I want peoples opinions. 

Alia: your husband is rude but you are worse. You always post messages on fb saying if “you have nothing nice to say, don’t say it” “be kind” “love first” but when me and my husband directly say your husband is offending us. You just say it’s his personality.

Me: it is just his personality. It’s your fault you don’t understand everyone’s relationship. Everyone got along until you came.

Alia: what are you talking about? My husband has always disliked your husband. 

Me: well he didn’t say anything for a year, it means he’s okay with it. It’s just you.

Alia: not true but okay, let’s say it’s just me. I’m offended by your husband. You think it’s just his personality right? I’m saying it’s hurtful. You could have private messaged me and apologized or at least asked if I was okay, If you cared about peace and kindess so much.

Me: I have nothing to apologize for. My husband and I didn’t do anything wrong. You just don’t understand our dynamics and always try to pick a fight.

It went on for a bit but then Alia eventually let it go.

So Reddit, what do you think? Should I have reached out and apologized for my husband behavior? My family is saying Alia is just crazy and Samuel is just overly sensitive.

Edit: Alia doesn’t just politely say stop. She throws disrespectful insults as well.

Edit: okay, not one person is defending me, so I guess I was wrong and I’ll reach out and apologize.

Edit: I just thought I wasn’t the one saying anything it was fine. My other cousins who are all in their later 30/ said I did nothing wrong. I guess I’ll show them this Reddit too. They didn’t like that Alia Called them out either.[removed]I have 3 kids, 2 boys and 1 girl. I treat them all equally and give all of them curfews, granted she's 5 years older than her brothers, but she's living in my house rent free and because of that I expect her to take care of majority of the chores around the house before midnight. The other day she came home late around 12 am. She knew she had a curfew yet she didn't follow it. Because of that I've taken her car from her for the time being unless she needs it to drive to school. She told me she's too old to be given a curfew. I would agree if she was paying rent, but she isn't and I don't expect her to do much but wash the dishes, vacuum the house and take care of the laundry. Is that too much to ask for an adult living rent free?

Edit 1:

Someone mentioned I should let it be known I bought the car for her, she just pays the insurance bill. Also the roles given to my children may be gender driven, but I don't see what the problem is in that honesty.

Edit 2:

Wow, I didn't expect so many people to come after my neck like that. I see some of you guys either had no self control growing up or were raised very liberal. The way I'm raising my daughter is the way God would want me to raise her. Once she gets married and moves out, she'll need the skills I'm giving her to have a successful marriage. I believe many more people should take my approach, but I understand y'all probably were brought up different and that's fine too. If you guys think I'm an asshole, that's fine with me, but I won't bend over backwards for my own children. She'll get her car back full time in about 2 months and to compromise I'll make  her curfew a bit longer until 11 pm, fair?

AITA for giving my daughter a curfew and expecting her to do chores since she's living in my house rent free?[removed]I (44m) am the only "boy" of my family; my sisters are 46, 42, and 39 respectively. My wife is 39 and we just got married about 6 years ago. We have one daughter aged four and a son aged three.

My parents are both in their 70's. Sadly, we recently found out that my father doesn't have much time left. My sisters and I all spent our formative years in a northern Midwestern state but my father received a job offer on the East Coast when I was 11-years-old so we moved there and we've all lived in that general area since. 

When we received the bad news about our father's prognosis my parents decided that we should take a family trip to our old state to visit old family gravesites, old family homesteads, cousins, etc. It just seemed like something that was very important to our parents. I thought that this seemed like a very worthwhile trip.

Somehow, though, it got decided that this trip should include just just the siblings and the grandchildren, which seemed to me bizarre. My older sister never got married or had kids, and I don't think she had any say in this. I think it was my two younger sisters--both of whom are struggling in their marriages and are on the verge of divorcing their husbands--who decided this. I argued back and forth with them that spouses should be included in this trip, but I was outvoted. I think both of my parents would have been happy to include our spouses, but they were just going to go along with the majority decision because it is most important to them to have their kids and grandkids there.

When I told my wife about this she became very upset. She said that if for no other reason as the mother of the two children I would be bringing along that she should be included so that she didn't have to be away from her kids. I told her that I absolutely agreed and that I stood up for her, but that I was outvoted. She then told me that I should "take a stand" and refuse to go on this trip unless she is included but I told her that the trip was too important for me to dig my heels in and miss for any reason so that I would be going, even if in protest. She's let's just say not happy with me.

I understand why my wife is upset, but I don't think it's fair for her to force me to make this choice. AITA?My dad always liked my brother more. I mean, I kinda get it. He is the perfect son every parent would have wanted to have. I'm this medicore girl who struggled through a CS degree. 

My dad bought my brother a very expensive watch and paid for his trip to Europe when he graduated. He probably spend more than 25,000 dollars on his graduation. 

My dad didn't even want to go out with me. I told him that I wanted to go out and he said he was busy but wanted the give me my graduation gift and he said he will transfer 5,000 dollars to my account. I was excited to spend the evening with him but he blew me of. I wasn't happy when told me about my gift. 

He could see that I was upset and asked me if it wasn't enough in an irritated tone. I told him that it wasn't as he didn't even know what I liked to buy something I would like and I was getting way less than my brother got as always. I told him I didn't want his money and left. 

My dad sent a long text and told me that I would have gotten something better if I had studied harder. My brother got a scholarship while I barely got into my college and he had to pay all the fees. He hasn't talked to me since it has happened and I wasn't invited to Thanksgiving or Christmas. I just feel like an ungrateful Asshole right now.

ETA : They paid for my brother's apartment and living expenses when he was in college. It was not like he got a full ride and they didn't spent anything on his education. They still paid a portion of his fees and his living expense for the four years.[removed][removed][removed]I (27) am the middle daughter in our family. I have 2 sisters (Kelly 30) and (Rachel 25). We lost Kelly to cancer in 2019. It was the biggest tragedy she left behind her twin boys (7) and husband (BIL Joseph 30). He used to spend a lot of time at my parents to get help with the kids. Rachel then moved out and kept her distance for few months.


2 months ago we were at my parente house when Rachel and Joseph got up  and announced that they were engaged. to say that we were shocked is an understatement but my parents said nothing after Joseph explained that Rachel helped him in his darkest times and comforted him a lot since they were both connected by Kelly's passing. I just left with my husband as Rachel started crying after I called her disgusting to her face to do this to our sister.

When things calmed down I actually recieved an invitation to Rachel and Joseph's wedding while asking for my "approval and blessing" My husband laughed saying these 2 were legitimately mentally unstable to carry on with this; and I couldn't believe it either! I returned it immediately and refused to give my approval which caused Rachel to go on social media crying about how I mistreated her after she sacrificed her job and life to shelter her nephews and help them live stable life and make sure they don't get stuck with an evil stepmother who might abuse them. Basically saying she's doing this for her nephews to be able to grow up and stay close to family.


My parents visited to talk and started praising Rachel for all of her "sacrifices" and good deeds by looking after the kids and asked that I finally approve of their marriage and attend the wedding but I lost it on them asking if they ever thought what Rachel did was okay. What about Kelly? Would she have wanted her sister to take her place? My God....the kids, what about the kids? How do they even feel about this? Who's Rachel to them now? Auntie? Mom? Stepmom? All 3? And they think they won't be confused and angry their own aunt took their mother's place? If you're saying you're just trying to keep the family together the family is already divided and I won't be surprised if my nephews cut contact when they're old enough to do so. Mom said my behavior was disgraceful and argued I was wrong in most of the points I made and called me judgemental and bitter to decide to guilt Rachel for "stepping up" to take on a role of the mother and said I was selfish to judge my grieving sister and brother inlaw after I questioned the length of their relatioship cause if this was happening while Kelly was alive and sick then I'm speechless but if it was happening in the past few months then neither Joseph nor Rachel are thinking rationally. We went on for hours arguing then they left. I told my husband to block Joseph but Rachel reached out via SM saying I'm making her feel guilty with my stance and disapproval of her relationship and said I was making it hard for her and the kids when she's trying to bring the family together.[removed]I(F44) have 3 girls who I’ll call, May(21),     Jessica(19) and Diana(16), of course I’m bias but all three of them are genuinely     beautiful and charming however Diana isn’t as social as her 2 big sisters, it’s     the classical teenage sitcoms differences.

May and Jessica were social butterflies in high     school, they had lots of friends and were very well know. Diana on the     other hand, has had the same 5-person group of friends since middle school     and spend most of their time playing videogames, particularly “league of     legends” and “smash bros”, sometimes they stream, in general they are more     on the geek side, like I said a very cliché difference.

Diana has had bad luck and thanks to     lockdown, she hasn’t had the full high school experience her sisters had but     she doesn’t seem as affected as one would think, on one hand it makes sense,     despite the worst part of lockdown last year she pretty much played with     her friends online quite often so I’m guessing she didn’t feel as isolated     as her sisters during this times but still it concerns me a little, teenage     years are a lot about being social and adventurous and even without this     global situation she chooses to stay indoors.

Anyway, the problem is that Diana’s high     school is planning a Halloween dance this month since last year it was cancelled,     I imagine she’d be excited for her first dance, but she just isn’t and     yesterday she told us that the day of the dance Friday 29th, she     and her friends plan to participate in a local league of legends tournament,     this made me angry. She literally has all the time in the world for     videogames but a limited amount of high school events and she’s just     ditching them for irrelevant videogame tournaments. I usually try to be supportive     of her hobbies, but this crossed the line and I told her she couldn’t go to     the tournament and if she didn’t go to the dance, then she won’t go out     that day nor play videogames for the weekend, and argument started, she     said she just preferred other activities, but I stand firm in my punishment     if she at least doesn’t give it a chance. Like I said, my girl is as     beautiful as her sisters I’m sure she wouldn’t have a difficult time making     friends, she doesn’t have anything to be insecure about.

When May and Jessica had this dance, they     start prepping in September, trying new styles, finding the best costumes, all     of that. I would drive them around and help them in anyway possible to     prepare I wouldn’t call it a tradition but it’s a moment that’s also     important for me to have with my daughter.

&#x200B;

After the argument my husband     told me I was being an asshole and if she didn’t want to go that was on     her, but what if she regrets not going when she’s older? she can always     play videogames, but time won’t stop and she won’t be in high school much     longer, still my husband is rarely this upfront, so I wanted to know. Am I the     asshole?  


UPDATE:

Thank you all for your kind and not so kind comments alike. While I did expect some YTA I didn’t expect it to be this overwhelming. This along with a more in dept conversation with my husband gave me a lot to think so I will act accordingly. The comments explaining that my daughter might     grow up thinking something’s wrong with hit way to close, I sincerely thank everyone for that.        Needless to say I will apologize and lift the punishment, she will be attending her tournament with her friends, this tournament will be live streamed so I will share the link in my personal account, for privacy reasons I won’t give details here or from this account but if possible I might update this again with the results.       

A lot of assumptions were made about if I peaked in high school and while I did like it a lot, college was definitely better but after a lot of comments I get where all this is coming for.

As for Diana’s videogame we do support her and even played some league of legends as a family, unfortunately I’m not that good with games so I found it to complicated, I prefer Mario kart and     smash brothers, still I did make myself appear to distant from my daughter and her world so that I also get.

Finally the biggest eye opener was that the first DM I got for this post was a creepy dude asking about my daughters bodies, this in combination with the most upvoted comment does made me     think a lot and honestly I’m still in shock for this.

(And sorry for the spacing I didn’t notice that until I posted it.)

I take the YTA and will do better, thank you all.I (47f) live with my husband and my youngest daughter (15f). My oldest daughter (20f) no longer lives with us and I feel a bit lonely, since she used to be my partner. We did everything together, we liked the same things and we were best friends. I love my youngest daughter equally, I don't have a favorite child, but it has always been difficult for me to bond with her, because we´re too different.

My youngest daughter clearly prefers my husband, given that just like my oldest daughter, they are best friends: they do everything together, they like the same things, and they often bond over games, music, and anime. I've tried to bond more deeply with my daughter, but I don't understand her tastes, and when we're alone we hardly ever have anything to talk about. My husband doesn't see it as a problem, and he often says *"each parent with its own daughter"*, but it doesn't seem right to me.

I recently decided to build a garden and asked my daughter to help me, as I often bonded with her sister on gardening. She said no right away, but I forced her anyway. I thought it would be a beautiful afternoon, laughing and chatting, but it wasn't. She complained ALL the time, that the dirt was gross, that the sun was gonna burn her and every time I turned around, I saw her using her phone.

At one point I got bored with her attitude and said *"if you dislike this so much, go and leave your mother alone."* She went back into the house. I thought she would come out in a few minutes, she would apologize and we would start over (like in the movies), but an hour passed and nothing. I walked into the house and saw her in her room, playing on her computer.

I got mad and grounded her without games for a week. She wasn't even sorry she left me alone and she called it *"a wasted afternoon",* which hurt me. My husband defended her by saying that if I really knew her, I would know that she doesn't like outdoor activities and that I should've tried to bond by doing something she likes instead of forcing something that I like on her.

He also accused me of trying to turn her into a version of her sister and of trying to take *"his daughter"* away from him. Now they're both against me and give me the silent treatment. So, AITA?[deleted]

I spent 51k on their wedding a couple months back. And 32k on ours, 7 years ago. Upon my mom and her request, I paid for my sisters wedding. They couldn’t afford a big one. And saving for a wedding was obviously lower on the list. So she asked me. I obliged. It was important to her. 


I talked it over with my wife, basically to run it by her. And she said that was sweet of me, and gave me the green light. 


Well she recently told me I needed to work out how they’d be, “paying us back”. But that was never apart of the plan. She says that we spent more on it than we did our own. And people don’t get handouts in life. I don’t understand her position. And I’m not going to ask my sister to pay me back. She also suggested my mother pitch in to pay us back. 


When I told her that was stupid, since it wasn’t my moms wedding. And she only asked for my sister. She said I’m a, “mommas boy, who needs to get his priorities straight”. Seems harsh. But whatever. Still not making anyone pay me back.


People said to mention that we paid off her parents mortgage, and that she’s a stay at home spouse. Idc that she stays home though. She doesn’t need to work.


I specifically said: “is it okay if I pay for my sisters wedding”. Those were the exact words I used.


My wife’s brother is inheriting the house. Not her.


My wife is not a gold digger. We’ve been together since we were 15. She was with me when we were homeless, when I was a thousand miles away serving in the army, when I had no income, when I had a mental breakdown, she’s been with me at my lowest point. And we’re stuck with each other. So I’ll have to pass on the “divorce her” comments[removed]I have no idea if I'm in the wrong here.

So, I was texting back and forth with a guy for about a week that I met at a football game. We had seats next to each other struck up conversation and exchanged numbers. Seemed pretty normal in texts and definitely looking for a relationship. I was honest I was up in the air for anything hahaha not that I didn't want a relationship but I'm not actively seeking one?

So boom, he invites me out to dinner at a nice bar and I was going out with my friends later that night so I figured it would be a cool pre-game before I met up with my friends. Things are going pretty okay and we just grab some wings to share and charcuterie board along with a bottle of wine. When the waitress comes back she has all the appetizers, the wine, and a shot.

My date tells her we didn't order the shot. And, she points over to a guy sitting at the bar and says he sent that over for me. My date then tells the waitress that we didn't need it and that he appreciated the offer though. I'm not one to waste free alcohol and I tell her that's fine she can leave it. 

I was sitting facing the bar and just as the waitress leaves I'm grabbing the shot and the guy who sent me the drink turns around and gives me an across the room cheers motion with his drink. I do the same and I'm about to take the shot and my date is like "are you really going to accept a drink from another guy while we are on a date?" I tell him it's just a drink and it's not a huge deal and I don't even know that guy. Then, I take the shot and try to keep talking.

He's not eating and barely interacting then he just gets up and heads over to the bar. He goes up there closes out the bill and walks out the door. Totally leaving me there.

I tried to text him the next day and he basically said I disregarded his feelings and that I was a bit of an asshole the way I brushed off what he was saying and taking that shot was like a slap in the face. I really don't think I'm in the wrong. I didn't flirt with the guy and he wasn't an ex. I don't even know the bar stranger. If my date didn't make a huge deal about it we could've enjoyed the rest of the night.

So, am I the asshole?I (29F) met my husband (30M) around 7 years ago and we've been together for 6, and married for 4. Around a year into dating, I found out he had a son that had been born when he was 19 with his then-girlfriend. I wasn't aware of this because he had no custody of his son because he didn't really want major responsibility at the time and his baby's mother was okay with that, but he has always sent his son birthday and Christmas gifts, and has sometimes gone to special events, and over the course of the time I've known him, he's definitely gotten more into his fatherly role.

Over the course of this year, my husband and I have been saving up to buy a new house and we are getting pretty close to the amount of money we'd need for the one we'd like, and we haven't been buying anything other than necessities while saving up. My husband's son's birthday is next week and my husband told me he's planning to buy him a Nintendo Switch and some games for it since the mother of his son told him he likes that stuff. I asked if the games were necessary, or if the Switch even was. My husband was confused and said it was a birthday gift for his son. I said it was an expensive purchase, especially seeing as we're saving up right now, and that he isn't that involved in his son's life anyway so why should he have to buy him gifts. My husband said I don't understand because I don't have any kids of my own, especially not ones I don't see, and I don't understand the situation.

We've sort of moved on from the conversation and he's bought the gifts, but he still seems pissed off at me. AITA for thinking he should save his money?[removed][removed]Two years ago on Black Friday my live-in girlfriend bought a Roomba on sale. She was really excited because we have a lot of pets and we did have to vacuum a lot. We still have to vacuum the furniture but the Roomba handles the floors. He's on a strict routine she set up and gets every part of our apartment. I definatly like the thing but my girlfriend has become .. obsessed with it? She immediately gave him a name of an anime character, and she changed the language it says errors in to Japanese, which is kind of a pain in the ass because we never know what the error is. She has just really personified this thing and when she brushes the dogs and cats once a week, she thoroughly cleans the Roomba with special tools she bought and everything. But the thing that made me feel weird is how she talks to it. She just coos to this Roomba all the time about what a good job he does and how much we love him, just like he's a pet. It's weird to me.

This morning it kinda came to a head because as she was fixing the animals breakfasts before we went to work, she poured out some sprinkles on the floor and brought the Roomba to them, and sung happy birthday to it and made it suck them up. I just watched this all from the table and when she was done, I gentlely said, do you think this is normal? She was confused so I was like, it's just a Roomba. You are so extra with it and it's kinda creepy. I have made comments before but she always said, it's because I appreciate how hard he works/how much he helps us! But feeding it sprinkles for me took it over the line of annoying to concerning. I told her I was kinda worried that she was obsessed with it and a little worried about her. She was I guess not sure what to say, but we didn't have a lot of time before we both went off to work.

I've tried texting her and she hasn't responded, which she usually does because she walks to our apartment for her lunch break to let the pets out and stuff. I'm kind of worried that I hurt her feelings but I feel justified in bringing up the issue because I really don't think this behavior is normal and I am honestly worried about her mental health because of this.

EDIT: I need to stop goofing off at work and get stuff done, but thanks everyone for the comments. Not what I was expecting from Reddit. I was expecting the usual: "THIS IS A MAJOR RED FLAG BREAK UP NOW!" response. Maybe I was looking into it too much. Someone hilariously suggested to get it a gift for its birthday so I think I will bring that home with an apology for saying she was weird and obsessed. I still think its weird but like a lot of you said, it's not hurting me. I think I'm pick up stickers and maybe a birthday hat for itMy(37M) 12 yo daughter is very picky. She likes cheese on everything. She's not overweight but it's obviously not good for her health to eat cheese on everything. Weight isn't everything and blood cholestrol shoots up easily. 

So I decided to stop giving her cheese in any form except for twice a week and then reduce it to once a week. I've been giving her only complex carbs and vegetables. I enrolled her into the sport she likes the most, boxing. 

She often asks me if she can have cheese an extra time a week but I refuse and give her something else. I think she liked the creamy texture so I've been getting her the vegan alternatives to cheese when she wants it really bad and she's happy with it. 

My wife however told me that I'm forcing my daughter to give up something she loves eating. I told her what she loves isn't that good for her besides, I'm not cutting it out completely from her diet. I'm just minimizing it. 

My wife is mad at me and isn't talking to me for the past 4 days. 

AITA?[removed]My wife Adele 29F and I 30M welcomed our first child Ava 2 years ago. My wife had two miscarriages before so having our daughter made our lives happier and we feel so blessed to be her parents. My wife is such a wonderful mother, she's become more radiant after she gave birth.

Now that Ava's a toddler her features are more obvious, she looks just like my mom. She's curly black hair, olive skin tone, brown eyes, she even got my mothers bulbous nose. 

One night while Adele was combing Ava's hair she made a comment on how she wishes Ava to have wavy blond hair like her. My wife has beautiful blond hair, deep blue eyes and straight nose (I fell in love with her the first time I met her). I said "what's wrong with Ava's hair? It looks beautiful to me." She then said that it looks okay but she's a little disappointed that our daughter looks nothing like her. I asked her what exactly she's talking about. She told me it's unfair that she carried our child for 9 months but when the baby finally arrived, she looked like someone else. I said "are you talking about mom? She's not someone else, she's Ava's grandma." My wife looked pissed and she said "you wouldn't understand how I feel because you're not the one who went through so much." I didn't get to answer back as she walked out of the room to put Ava to bed. 

Adele and my mom never got along well because of the language barrier. My mom wanted me to marry someone from our race. My wife tried to get her approval but my mom just didn't give her a chance. Since that night my wife has been acting cold towards me. I feel like she's being unreasonable for getting all stressed about our daughters' physical appearance. AITA?

Edit- I am from Southeast Asia. My mother has a dark skin tone but I take after my father who's more fair skinned. I am not in speaking terms with both my parents because they never gave us their blessing and didn't attend our wedding. We reach out to them but we always get the cold shoulder.My wife and I have a great relationship, generally. We work together but today she wasn't in the office because she was at an all-day social gathering with a person who sometimes causes her anxiety. 

Based on my call log, my wife called me at 9:28 a.m. and we talked for 2-and-a-half minutes, she called at 10:56 a.m. and we talked for less than a minute, she called at 11:50 a.m. and we talked for 12 minutes, she called at 12:31 p.m. and we talked for 21 minutes, she called at 1:39 p.m. and we talked less than a minute, she called at 2:01 p.m. and we talked less than a minute, she called at 3:49 p.m. and we talked less than a minute, and she called at 6:20 p.m. and we talked for 34 minutes.

During this final call, she was driving to the office. We hung up while she was in the office with me. She walked over and hugged me and said, "Did you miss me?"

I hesitated. "Uhhhh ... sure, I guess."

She got angry. "You didn't miss me?"

"Well, baby," I said, "I've talked to you more than I've talked to anyone else today."

"No you didn't," she said. I pulled out my call log and showed her.

"Well, I'm going to find a man who appreciates my calls!"

"I didn't say I don't appreciate your calls," I said. "It's just not logical to be talking to someone all day and then ask them if they missed you."

That got me nowhere. I was probably using too much logic. She was clearly seeking comfort because she was in an uncomfortable situation all day. When she returned to me, she was probably looking for a little celebration and support, since she made it through today's emotional difficulties. I didn't give it to her, thereby making me the asshole. Now she's in her office talking to someone else on the phone. And I'm in my office justifying myself on Reddit.

EDIT: "I was probably using too much logic" was a poor choice of words. By that phrase, I only meant that I was being emotionally insensitive, which is my tendency. I didn't mean to suggest that my wife is fundamentally illogical. I love my wife dearly and I think highly of her. I hope that helps.She wanted us to all dress up like pandas for my 7 month old son's first Halloween. We've been together for 14 years and I've only worn a Halloween costume twice. I really just dont enjoy dressing up because of how expensive the costume is vs how cheaply made it is. I'm also just not into it. But I understand she just wants to do a cute family thing so I said OK fine. I did say no first but reluctantly said yes. So we went trick or treating with my family where I joked with my dad asking where his costume was. When he said he didn't have one I said "oh that's right because you're an adult".  I also asked my sister and her husband sarcastically why they didn't have matching costumes. 

I also thought it was weird to trick or treat with a 7 month old. She wanted to bring one of those plastic jack o lantern buckets for candy and I thought it was so awkward two adults and a baby dressed up with me taking candy. "trick or treat" the grown adult says while pushing a stroller. That candy is obviously not for the baby. She wanted to trick or treat because she didn't get to when she was growing up. Alright but she doesn't understand trick or treating. Babies can dress up and go out but they don't get candy and thus can't go trick or treating. So my brother in law and my dad were making slight jokes towards me, nothing too serious and I reciprocated. She was fighting back tears from this. I feel pretty bad but also think she should've expected this after having me dress as a panda. AITA


My f16  sister f31 has 2 kids ages 4 & 6. she had them after several miscarriges. They're living with us (me & my parents) now and Let me just say thatThey. Are. Brats. Literally and my sister and her husband (a doctor who's stuck in student debts still!!) Spoil them rotten.


I'm annoyed that they're with us but can't do anything about it so I just bear & grin^ but it all came to head yesterday...The youngest was complaining about wanting to watch tv while I was watching my show. My sister tasked me to let her kids watch tv I said no and told her to go away. She insisted and I still decline and she called me selfish but I called her an enabler but she replied saying she wasn't and that her kids come first and 'll understand when I have my own one day. I just told her "huh! I'd rather die virgin then have kids like yours" she was shocked she got mom involved and an argument ensued. Mom told me to apologize immediately but I refused then my sister proceeded to cry calling me horrid for saying this infront of her kids then rushed upstairs and took the kids.

Mom said I was rude and selfish since I spent hours watching tv already and should've just let the kids having instead of acting rude not to mention the messed up thing I told my sister who had her kids after she and her husband had gone through a lot.


AITA?[removed]I (29f) and my Husband (33m) are a blended family. I have a son (5) from a previous relationship and get along great with my ex who provides so much for our son (he's a great dad). My husband has a 3 year old daughter and together we have a 4 month old daughter. My SD's mom is not in her life at all and signed away her rights and OD'd after a heroin addiction, so she lives with us full time.

After my daughter was born, I became a SAHM to take care of my kids (discussed when I was pregnant and I did mean to her but post partum has been bad so I have changed what I originally anticipated) My husband works and provides for the family financially. When I became a SAHM, my husband assumed that I would take care of all the kids including his daughter (at the time I 100% agreed) He said that he was clear when we dated that his daughter did not have a mother and he wanted whoever he married to take on a full parental role especially since her mom did not want her to show her that she was deserving of a mother's love. I agreed to this and agreed since I met her when she was a year old. (I call SD my daughter, but using SD in this post for clarity)

However now after having a baby, I want to take care of my kids because I am so overwhelmed and would like my husband's family to watch my SD. My husband is furious at me and says he provides for the whole family and I wanted to be a SAHM. He said I agreed to take care of SD and treat her as my own when we dated. I said that things have changed. He argued with me saying that he provides for my son and I countered saying that his dad does a lot for him. My husband got upset with me and said he knows he has a great dad but still takes care of him and treats him like he is own son. He accused me of being an evil stepmom and hating his daughter (I do not hate his daughter, I am just overwhelmed with 3 little kids). Note: I had a traumatic birth and suffer from PPD so this is not a permanent request of mine. My ex helps out more than usual with our son because of this

So AITA for only wanting my SD to be home when my husband is there?

edit: i live far from my family. My ex is the only one who can help with my son (though my husband's family does treat my son like their own... I just felt like it would be unfair to let his family watch my son when I could give more time to my ex since he runs his own company and has flexible hours). My husband has a lot of family that can help with SD.

# Update: talked to my husband when he came home and he agreed I needed more help. I told him that I love SD the same and that I am overwhelmed and he told me he knows and just got stressed with SD's history with her BM. I asked if he could hire a nanny and he wants to save money for a new house in the district where my ex lives because the schools are better and he wants it to be easier for my son to go between houses when he is older so he struggles less with having to switch homes (he's just the best husband). I called my mom and she is coming to help me for a few months with ALL my kids and my husband's in laws are going to come over and help as well and take the kids out. My husband is taking a week off of work to get everything settled. I also plan on having 1 on 1 time with both the older kids, and my husband and I plan on having a date tomorrow while the kids are at his parents home so that we get a night off. Lastly I want to say that I love my SD with my whole heart. I will never stop being grateful that my little girl calls me mama. I will never forget the honor I get of being her mom. I am going back to the doctor tomorrow because I clearly need more help.
I (M, 27) have been married to my wife (F, 26) for 2 years and we're expecting a baby boy together. My wife has been no contact with her parent because of issues that occured between them during her teeange years. She said it was because of the way they treated her late boyfriend and their 7 year old son. She stopped seeing them after she moved out with my stepson but she went back to introduce me and things were fine til a little before we got married. My wife went no contact after she claimed my mother inlaw stole all her wedding jewelry and sold it. Now I'm not sure if that was accurate or just an excusey wife used to get me to stop asking.

Few months ago my mother inlaw as well as other family members reached out to me and we had conversations (without my wife) about how innocent my mother inlaw was and was falsely accused by my wife to get back at her for past issues. I really felt she was sincere especially after she said she wished my wife would give her another chance. I had an idea which was that I invite my inlaws over to celebrate Christmas with me and my wife and hopefully talk things out once and for all. I didn't tell my wife because I didn't want her stressing over the gathering but days ago I came home and she began yelling at me asking what I was thinking to invite her bullies and enemies to our Christmas celebration. I tried to explain that her parents are very sincere in wanting to start new with the baby coming but she yelled that they didn't even treat my stepson or his fathee well and don't deserve to be near the kids and said I needed to cancel immediately. I suggested she calm down first and we'll talk but she refused and packed her stuff and went to stay with a friend repeatedly saying I disrespected her and ignored her decision when it came to her family. I spoke to her friend and said maybe my wife shoupd let bygones be bygones and yes she might be dealing with stress and is lashing out for no reason but her friend said I overstepped and it wasn't my business to try and fix whatever issue she has with her family and told me to back down and cancel the invite since my wife said she won't be there but I think she is holding on to grudgets and being bitter instead of settling things down with her family.

AITA?My (30m) amazing wife (Mel, 30f) gave birth to our son a few months ago & we recently had a small gathering to introduce him to our fully vaxxed friends, which includes James & his wife Val. Val is known to be troubled mentally, & is particularly sensitive to certain sounds & smells (apparently it was from the traumatic death of her mother when she was younger but we've never heard the story so we don't know the details).

Anyway, during the gathering, Mel mentioned how she'd created a vlog of the whole birth process (everything was SFW so her lady bits weren't captured), & she wanted everyone to watch it (the other ladies were interested to know how it was since we were the first couple to have a kid). I saw Val get visibly uncomfortable when it got to the pushing part, & she excused herself. I asked what was wrong, but she just said that she wasn't comfortable with the sounds. I thought it was ridiculous, since it was part of the birthing process & told her joking that 'well you'll have to go through it anyway so now's your chance to prep yourself'.

She excused herself anyway, & was curt when I asked if it was one of her sensitivities. James overheard & told me to back off, but I found out later that Val gets very anxious around the smell of a specific type of disinfectant that I happen to use & any sounds of pain because it reminded her of her mother's death (apparently it was still traumatic for her). 

I asked James & Val (privately of course) why did she even come to the gathering in the first place & she said that she was there to say hi to a baby, not be subjected to a childbirth vlog. I told her that maybe it was a good opportunity to replace those memories with something more positive, but they just left after calling me insensitive. 

I told the rest of the group, who thought that I was making a big deal out of nothing. But my family agrees that Val was just being rude in the face of hospitality & she should have put aside her discomfort to celebrate with the rest of us.My grandma (70f) has recently picked up on common acronyms and slang and now uses it 24/7. She'll be talking about anything and randomly say "LOL" or "L-M-A-O" or "and THATS my 13th reason" or "It's because I'm an alpha" she probably picked it up from watching tiktoks with my sister and she thinks it's the coolest thing ever.

&#x200B;

Everyone thinks she's amazing and hilarious for it but really she just looks dumb. One day she was talking to me and I ask her something and she says "M-Y-O-B" and I'm like what the hell does that mean, and she says "mind-your-own-business". I got such second hand embarrassment from that and told her to stop trying to be cool because it makes her look utterly stupid. She seemed kind of heartbroken after and stopped using it, I sort of feel bad but at the same time at least she doesn't look like an idiot anymore, idk?My mom died 6 years ago and she left her estate to me, my sister and my brother. My sister was the executor of the estate and she stole a lot of money. My brother and I ended up with only $500 each and my sister took home something like $100,000. 

My brother hired a lawyer to sort out the situation. He and my sister got in a big fight and he disowned her. He said that he couldn't deal with her anymore. He claimed that she abused him his whole life which is an exaggeration imo and this was the last straw for him. 

I stayed out of it all because I didn't want any bad blood between me and my sister. My sister can be difficult but she's great with my children and she's a godsend when I need a babysitter. My children love her and I can't cut their auntie out of their lives. I hardly ever see my brother because he lives 5 hours away and he never comes around to see us. He used to come over once in a while but after he disowned my sister, he stopped coming around. My children don't know him.

Deep down I agree with my brother about the estate situation. My sister mismanaged the estate and stole a lot of money and my mom's valuables. It's not worth ending my relationship with my sister over, though. My brother feels differently and I respect that. My sister is heartbroken though. She misses our brother and she's very hurt that my brother disowned her. 

My brother just won't quit though. His lawyer is still asking the estate lawyer for information regarding the estate. My sister doesn't have all the paperwork that his lawyer is asking for and she's very stressed out. I've had to listen to her complain about this for 3 years and counting. I want it to stop. I wish my brother would just take his $500 and move on like I did. 

Last weekend my brother paid me an unexpected visit. He was in town and he wanted to stop by to "say hi" to me and my kids. I was busy but I let him in and offered him something to eat. Not even 10 minutes in he brought up my sister and the estate situation. He told me that he just found out that she forged papers to become the executor. Apparently my mom named someone else as the executor in her will and my sister forged that person's signature to sign the estate over to herself. 

I sort of sighed and asked him to stop talking about it because I don't care about any of it. He became agitated and told me that I should care because she stole from me and my kids too. I said that I know but I made my peace with it and he should too. He raised his voice at me and told me that I was enabling my sister like the rest of the family and I should know better. My children were in the next room and they could hear everything so I told him to leave. He started crying on his way out of the door.

I feel awful but I just want our family to be like it used to be. I'm not going to have him disrespect me in my own home again but I'm afraid that I overreacted and I'll never see him again. AITA?My husband and I have 4 kids, Henry (35m), Lisa (33f), Elizabeth (30f), and Shawn (28m). We bought a 6 bed/7 bath house for next to nothing before Henry was born. Now that all of our kids have moved out, we decided to sell our house and buy a condo on the beach.

Henry and Lisa both live near me and my husband and I'd say we have a good relationship with both of them, but we're closer with Henry. He and his wife, Abigail (36f) have us over for brunch every Sunday, they come over with their kids (3f and 5f) often, and we would go on vacations together before 2020. Lisa and I talk on the phone maybe once a week and she comes over/invites us over maybe twice a month.

Henry and Lisa currently live in a 2 bedroom house but Lisa recently found out she's pregnant and they're looking for something bigger. They asked us to help them with house hunting, but housing prices have drastically increased since we bought our house and they wouldn't be able to afford anything more than 3 bedrooms, even though they both have good jobs.

We offered to sell them our house for the price of the house they were going to buy and they were elated. We drew up a contract and have a payment plan in place. We have enough money from the sale to buy the condo we were looking at.

Lisa and I were talking today and she asked how selling the house is going and I told her that we're selling it to Henry and Abigail.

She was enraged when I told her and said that we should've offered to sell our house to her too since she's looking for a bigger place too (she didn't tell us this). I told her that Henry and Abigail need the space more because they have kids and she's single and childless. Then she started to yell at me for "discriminating against her" because she's single and childless.

AITA for selling my house to my son and not my daughter?Update: Thank you for everyone who has taken the time to comment, and thank you further to the people who have offered helpful advice. I didn’t come here to be vindicated, I came to find out if I was doing everything I could for my stepson and clearly I am not. I am going to try to fix what I have done wrong, i’ll offer him the option to switch back schools (although I understand that it might be too late) and I will drastically ease up on the restrictions that we have been set in place. Furthermore, I am going to sit down and apologize, I want him to know he is cared for and that I was wrong. 

Forgive me for any mistakes, I’m a long time lurker who made an account specifically to ask about this issue. 

I (47m) have a stepson (16m) who for the purposes of this post, we’ll call “T”. I’ve been married to my wife (48F) for two years and have two daughters (7F & 9F) with my ex. 

Since the day T moved into my house he has been nothing but disrespectful. I understand that change, especially change this drastic (moving, getting new siblings/ a new parent) is hard for a kid but some of the stuff he does just crosses a line. For example, I transferred him to a really great private high school when he moved in because I wanted him to have the best opportunities. He always complains that he doesn’t like his new classmates, that the school is too far away (it’s 15 minutes further than his old school, which is practically nothing) and that he doesn’t like the environment. He doesn’t understand that later he will thank me for this, I would have killed for an opportunity like this at his age! 

Additionally, he always breaks rules we have set in place. I have asked him to surrender his phone to the living room at 9pm to have some family time but he says he wants to talk to his old friends. He constantly claims not to like the food his mother or I make even when he hasn’t tried it. His mother and I try to have a date night once or twice a week and he always claims he is too busy to watch his step sisters. We have asked him repeatedly for the passwords to his social media accounts and he refuses to hand them over… etc. 

I’m sick of the disrespect in my own house, so I set some boundaries. Either he starts treating me with respect and listening to me, or he can find somewhere else to live. Obviously I wouldn’t really kick him out, but I’m hoping this scares some sense into him. My wife, however, said I took it too far and need to apologize and tell him I wasn’t serious. I feel like this will undermine my authority though. AITA?



Edit: I just want to clarify a few things because they seem to be causing confusion in the comments. He did not change schools when he was sixteen. We had him change when he was 14, when he moved in to my house, so about halfway through his first year of high school. Also, he did know about the change, we talked to him about it beforehand. He wasn’t excited but he did know that he would be changing schools.[deleted]So I've been dating this girl for a little over a year. I'll call her E. I have a kid from my previous relationship, and I'll call her Q (14) 

E is really into journaling and has bought a lot of stationery, tapes, and stickers over the years. Q wanted to do arts and craft and asked me to go buy her some accessories for it but I thought it wasn't necessary because E has a lot of them sitting around the house so I told Q to just use them. 

When E came back home from work, she was extremely angry because a lot of her pens were out of ink and things were not the way she left it. She told me that I had to replace all of them and I told her she was overreacting because she still has some left, just not all the colours she was looking for.

My kid feels really bad about it but I told her not to worry because I don't think it's a big deal. Is she overreacting or AITA?
MASSIVE UPDATE: I just want to thank everyone who has been kind and took to time to read through my comments, giving me advice. I just wanted to say I've read them. I had a big breakdown last night because I realized I was in way over my head with all this legal stuff. You guys were asking me to look up laws and probate and just so much stuff I don't understand at all. I was trying and furiously googling. In the end, I called my ex (he's a lot more savvy with this kind of stuff but I try not to intrude in his life) and had a bit of a cry while explaining everything that was going on with my dad's stuff, me being locked out, and just all the other drama with my sister. 

He said back when our son was born my dad gave him a copy of his will (since that was also around time my dad started getting sick). Long story short he found it this morning and the condo was left to US. There should also be an RESP for my son. IT IS SIGNED AND NOTARIZED BY A LAWYER!! He said he will help me through the process and that we can contact the lawyer together and my ex will help explain things to me. Also, as mentioned in the comments, when we divorced, my dad told me he was updating his will leaving the to condo me (I was not aware this was in reference to the fact that he had previously put my ex husband in the will), so we both expect there to be a new will. However, I know my ex and believe him when he says that if there isn't  he won't try to take anything. 

My spirits have been lifted and I am very hopeful this could all work out. I'm already day dreaming of having my son back home with me!!! 

Again, thank you so much to those who took the time to give advice. Without your encouragement I wouldn't have had the guts to contact my ex. Just THANK YOU! 

=

I'm 28f. She's 32f. Don't know if that matters.

Recently our father passed away. He didn't really leave any money but he has a partially paid for condo which I desperately wanted to live in. it's nothing fancy. Just a small 650 square foot 2 bedroom place. It's cozy. I've been struggling with homelessness since my husband and I split. Rents have drastically increased, I'm talking over doubled since I was on my own last. I can't afford anything. The cheapest 1 bedrooms are 1800 a month. Bachelor's around 1500. After taxes I make just under 2000.

I want to assume my dad's mortgage which is right around $600 every month. I asked my sister, pled my case and she didn't take it so well. She's not hurting for money. Owns multiple properties all over the world. I even said that if we can make it that if anything were to happen to me she could still get half. I'd want my half to go my son which is also the reason I don't want to move somewhere cheaper. 

My ex husband let's me visit outside their place whenever I want. If I had my own place with a suitable bedroom for our son we'd be splitting custody 50/50.

Anyways, sister and her husband have sent me a barrage of angry texts calling me a greedy asshole. Curious about reddit opinion.

Please be gentle.[removed]Throwaway for obvious reasons.  


My friend (27M) married his wife (27F) 3 years ago. Unfortunately, neither of them talked finances before marriage and neither of them got a pre-nup. He makes about $70k, she makes about $55k. However, he bought 15 Bitcoin in 2013 for a pretty good price. He sold 5 of them in 2017 to help buy a house with his wife (then fiancee).  
Fast forward to now, they are divorcing because she found a job with a 20% raise and guaranteed promotion within 2 years, but it is several states away (All three of us live in the same town in Missouri, the job his wife wants is in Seattle) and he does not want to quit his job or leave his parents, who are in their 60's and his mom has Stage 2 cancer.  
Now initially, his wife did not know about the Bitcoin, as my friend only told me and a few other people. But one of them must have told her, since she wants half of it now even though she didn't buy it (yes I know what community property is). His argument is that since he bought them before marriage and never mixed the remaining 10 with martial assets that she should not have a claim to it and is refusing to split it.  
One day, he invited me (25M if it matters) to lunch and basically told me he had a plan so "that bitch steals nothing". His plan involves spending a good chunk of it on a vacation and new car. Totally legit and I see nothing wrong with that. He also wants to put some towards his mother's medical bills. I think this is also fine, chemo is expensive. But the gray part is that he wants to give me part of the remaining bitcoin cash-out until the divorce is final, where I would then give him back 95% and keep the last 5% as a token of thanks. The split would be about 20 - 30 - 50, respectively. I realized that he would basically be spending his half on the vacation, car and medical bills and then giving me his wife's "half" so she cannot get it.  
He sent me the Bitcoins last night and I have put them into my newly-made portfolio. But my girlfriend  (22F) saw the brokerage app and asked what was up with that and I explained the situation about holding onto the Bitcoins for my friend. She replied that it sounds illegal (She is a law student) and it is also an asshole thing to do and called me an asshole and hasn't spoken to me for nearly a day.  


Now between my guilt and what my girlfriend said I feel conflicted. AITA?I have 3 daughters (17, 16, 13). My middle daughter is very smart and has what I call a business mind. 

When she was 11, she started babysitting our neighbor’s grandkids for free just because she liked watching them. Then she realized she could make money off of it.

When she was 13 she made a nextdoor account and posted an ad for babysitting. She posts ads frequently and responds to every post she sees about someone needing a babysitter in our town. Then when she was 14, she started expanding to neighboring towns. 

Her business exploded during the pandemic. She was in such high demand that she was able to charge $25 an hour at 15. She eventually had too many clients and hired her older sister and her friends to babysit for some of these people. She even had everyone she “hired” sign a “contract” saying she gets 20% of the money from jobs she gets them, except for tips, which they get to keep. 

I always had a problem with her responding to every post and not leaving jobs for other people, but stayed quiet because it was the parents choice to hire her. I never supported her taking part of her sisters and friends wages though, but my husband fully supports it.

My oldest daughter is saving to buy a car and my middle daughter went to get “her share” of her wages. I didn’t let my middle daughter take my oldest’s money and she’s threatening to “fire” my oldest. My husband says our oldest knew what she was getting into when she signed the contract but that still doesn’t make it right in my opinion.

AITA for not letting my middle daughter take my oldest’s wages

Edit: I saw some comments regarding this but her babysitting business is a real company. She pays taxes and has liability insurance just in case anything happens. My husband is a CPA and helps her with that side of the business. I don’t think the contracts are legally binding yet but she’s working on making them bindingHello Reddit hope everyone’s having a nice day!

So this happened just a few hours ago. I (18f) have this cat Pearl (who’s a boy the name is miss leading) and he’s an old cat, my aunt found him when he was a new born when I was like 5 or 6, that means Pearl is around 13-12 years old. In rest months Pearl has lost a lot of weight to the point you can see his spin just by looking at him Now before I get jumped he is eating soft food, drinking clean water and is pooping still along with being happy as always. Do to COVID my mom can’t afford to take Pearl to the vet even a discount is to expensive. But we’ve been looking into getting him the milk they give to unweight kittens to see if that works. 

Anyways I had a friend Sam (19f) from college come over so we could work on our project. At first we were just working when Pearl jumped on the coffee table looking for rubs. Sam freaked out when she saw him. So I explained everything to her how we can’t afford a vet, that fact he’s still eating and that he’s not in pain. But she didn’t listen and started screaming about how my family is horrible for letting him suffer, and that we should have our other pets taken away for this. 

My family owns another cat Opal and a dog Evelyn but they’re not important to this

Sam just continued on scream about how we’re abusing our animals and we should be locked up. That’s when my mom came out and asked about the screaming. My friend just stared screaming at my mom but she wasn’t having it and kicked Sam out. But not before she tried to run out the door with Pearl but thankfully I was able to pick him up before that. Now I’m siting here worried that she might actually get our animals taken away, claiming abuse.

So Reddit Am I the Asshole

Edit: I’m sorry if I confused anyone but the weight loss wasn’t sudden it happen over a period of a year

Update 1: After some research I found a 24 hour emergency vet just a little over an hour by train from me I’m going there now, so I’ll update everyone in the morning on what happens.

Update 2: Okay I’m extremely tired but I’ll try and explain everything. So I arrived to the vet hospital around 10 pm ish I’ll say, it was kind of packed I’ll say about half the waiting room was filled. But wanna I went to check in I was quickly told that do to a fire in a foster house? I don’t remember but it was a house full of animals that was supposed to be adopted out. 

Well the house was full of old and sick cats, so many of them were injured. I was told that it would be a few hours wait as it wasn’t a big hospital. So I sat down and waited I think three hours passed before they were calling people again. Anyways I was getting tired and Pearl was being stressed out from the lights and the dogs. 

And I might be shot for this but I left with Pearl, sadly by the time I left it was about 1 in the morning. Instead of going home I walked down to my aunts apartment she gets home late do to her job. As a way to avoid stressing Pearl out with the long ride home I dropped him off with her. Don’t worry my aunt owns a cat named Grey very sweet boy he and Pearl get along. I know it sounds stupid but Pearl had been screaming his little lungs out for hours and I didn’t want to stress him more. I stayed with my aunt for a few more hours to make sure Pearl was comfortable before leaving. 

I didn’t get a chance to pick him back up as after I got home, I had to leave again for college. 

But once I was done with school I picked him up, and brought him home. Finally I sat down with my mom and we called every single place we could getting quotes on checkup cost along with cost of bloodwork and dental. 

My mom found this great place that does checkups for $75, bloodwork for $220 and dental don’t know the cost of that but I set an appointment with them for Monday at 12. 

Sorry if it’s jumbled I really need some sleep that you for everyone’s advice

Update 3: The vet called out and I had to reset for Thursday at 4.

Final update here: https://www.reddit.com/user/story_writer2/comments/rihif4/update_on_pearls_condition/This is a throwaway account for obvious reasons.

Yesterday, my daughter (25F) told me (45F) that that her therapist diagnosed her with ADHD. I know that she has been struggling with her mental health for a while and that she is taking antidepressants for MDD. I also want to point out that she had kind of a rough childhood, which I won’t go into too much detail about, and I wasn’t always the best mom to her when she was a teenager, but I did try my best for her and her brother after her father and I went through a very nasty a divorce and I became a single mom. I did everything I could for them, but working three jobs just to feed and clothe them left little time for much else. (Side note: I’ve dealt with a lot of my own issues since then, as this was over a decade ago. I have become a much different person, and my daughter has even told me multiple times how much better of a mother I am now that I’m not dealing with all of that.)

I immediately told her that I disagreed with the diagnosis and she was very offended. I told her that I don’t really believe in some of the quantitative testing they do for ADHD, as I worked at a child development center for 11 years if my life and have a good idea about what this kind of thing looks like. She told me that I really haven’t lived with her since she was a teenager (because of what I mentioned before. I obviously physically lived with her), and that I know nothing of the general living habits in her adult life and how it’s affecting her on a day-to-day basis. She said that it has become crippling, and she even told me that she realized some of these things she can trace back to childhood; she mentioned procrastination, careless mistakes, and getting easily distracted among them, which I’m pretty sure is common in most school-age kids. I told her that everyone has their quirks and issues, but that’s just a part of life because everyone has their own struggles and they deal with them differently. She cried to me saying that she felt like I was invalidating her experiences AVe her diagnosis and that I was being unsupportive even though I was just trying to be realistic (she’s always had somewhat of a flair for the dramatic). 

So Reddit, AITA?

Edit 1: I do not have any kind of degree in psychology, but I do hold a sociology degree. Just a fact to know.

Edit 2: The only reason I mentioned my degree was because someone asked about my education in the comments, not because I’m trying to suggest that I’m a professional.[removed]Hi, so I have a friend who was fired from her job about 9 months ago for keeping a gift card with a remaining balance that a customer left, essentially theft since she used it a week later and got caught. I don’t really know all the details if I am being honest since I didn’t work there with her. I found out from another reliable friend who did work there with her. Anyways, fast forward, I got hired at a restaurant this week and interestingly enough, my friend who got fired also works there now and has been employed there for about 4 months already. I don’t think my managers know she got fired from her last job. Will I be an asshole to tell them?I started a new job last month. At my previous employer, they were very lax and laid back. They had work sponsored beer Fridays at the end of every week, and they served beer at the work cafeteria, with a limit of one per person during the work day. That being said, I usually drank a Busch Light or an IPA every day with my lunch for the past 2.5 years.
 
&nbsp;
 
During the interview process at my new job, they asked me what I liked about my [then] current employer, and I mentioned that they were very lax and the interviewer said "Not to brag, but we're known for having a very lax culture here as well. I would bet we're more laid back than your current employer". This was a relief to hear. I'll skip past the boring parts, but after a few more interviews at this place, I got an offer and took a job. 
 
&nbsp;
 
Upon accepting the position, I was mailed a onboarding packet with the employee handbook. I read the handbook from front to back and didn't see anything about a no alcohol policy in the book. This along with the mention of a "very lax work culture" had me thinking not many things would change from a culture standpoint from my old job to my new one. 
 
&nbsp;
 
The first few weeks was a lot of training and the training usually ran over lunch, so they would provide us with a variety of sandwich options/pizza that were catered, as well as drink options (waters, sodas, juice, tea, coffee, etc.) so I would just help myself to whatever they provided. Later in the month, my boss scheduled a lunch at a restaurant with our vendor to introduce me to them and explain my new role, and at this lunch my boss was the first person to order a beer, and the rest of us followed suit. This was another good sign.
 
&nbsp;
 
Fast forward to last week, training was over and I was starting to settle into a routine and working more on my day to day tasks. That being said, I packed my own lunch, and included in my lunch was a Busch Light. I ate the first few lunches at my desk, undisturbed by anyone else. I didn't think anything of it. Eventually I was invited to eat lunch at the lunchroom upstairs, so I joined some colleagues upstairs for lunch. I unpacked my lunch and cracked open my Busch Light. Immediately I could sense a "What the hell is this guy thinking" vibe from my colleagues, but no one said anything. I brushed it off. Later that day HR stopped by along with my boss and called me into the HR office. They said what I did was unacceptable and that "I'm lucky I'm not getting fired for that type of behavior." I mentioned the vendor lunch and my boss shot me daggers. We ended the meeting with an agreement that I would refrain from drinking alcohol on the job again.
 
&nbsp;
 
The next day, my boss chewed me out for "throwing him under the bus" and asked me "what the hell I was thinking". I don't get the big deal, no grown adult gets drunk or even buzzed off one single beer with lunch. I was following his lead and thought it was acceptable! So much for "lax".I'm 23, and the mother (obviously). Throwaway for anonymity. 

To preface, I'm exclusively breastfeeding my child, and he is 6mo old. Father is not in the picture. My sister, let's call her Cindy, is 26. She got married and of course I was invited. 

It was a really nice ceremony, and I was in the front row. I brought an extra bottle because I didn't think the ceremony would be too long. Just after she walked down the aisle to the altar, my son started to loudly cry. I thought he was hungry so I started to breastfeed him. It quieted him and I thought all was well. Figured it was no big deal because it was better than the alternative of him crying. However, the wedding was being filmed by a videographer, and I'm in plain view. My sister immediately after the ceremony was pissed because she saw it. (I assured her that I'm probably not in the video, but I am.) 

She said it doesn't matter if I'm in the video or not, because it's trashy either way. She said I ruined her special day. She asked me to leave instead of joining the reception. My mother says that I should apologize to her and admit I was wrong. She also says I should buy her something else off her registry that wasn't purchased to make amends. My mother also says I should have excused myself and my child to the restroom. 

I dont think this should be such an issue because I'm only doing what's natural. She knows I have a child, and she knows I only breastfeed. Children were explicitly allowed, I even verified by asking if I could bring my baby son. 

So, am I the asshole? I'm not sure what to do. This was 2 weeks ago and I haven't spoken with my sister at all.I (23M) have been dating my girlfriend, Jane (21F) for nearly a year. We go to separate colleges about 40 minutes away from one another, but we still see each other multiple times a week. I've noticed though that she always prefers to come to my apartment in a small town rather than me visiting her at her apartment. When we talk about family, she is always very reserved and just tells me that she's not close with hers. As far as friends go, I've met a great deal of her highschool and college friends that all seem average. 

Now, she's always presented herself as a "broke college student" and will actively say that fact whenever money comes up and laughs it off. However, I've noticed over the months that despite saying that, she refuses to eat fast food, she likes going on impromptu "mini vacations" which by her standard are just staying within the country but are by no means cheap, and she drives a car worth over $70k.

Last night we met up with a few of her "childhood friends" to shoot pool. A few of them noticed that I drive a Tesla that I just bought for myself brand new this year. It's my pride and joy, and I will admit that I've done quite well for myself over time and building up my own income.

Here's where the red flags start. They all called her by a different name. Rather than her name that I and all her friends I've met before call her by, they were calling her something else completely. All of these friends were also foreign, coming from Brazil, Spain, Ivory Coast, and etc. Eventually while talking about my car, a Brazilian girl named Camilla asked Jane if she intended to ask her father to buy her one. Jane just shrugged it off awkwardly with a "maybe". 

Throughout the night it became glaringly obvious that all of these "childhood friends" came from extremely wealthy families, so I asked Jane how she met them. She said that they went to school together overseas for a while and went to summer camps together. Jane also spoke to most of them in languages other than English, mostly French or Spanish as that's what they all seemed to know besides English. 

After we left back to my place, I asked her what the deal was, and she said that she does come from a well off family, and the name that her friends called her was her actual name. She just went by a more common one when she came to our state because it was easier for people to pronounce. I felt miffed that she had been lying about her source of income for what seems like years, and that she actually had a lot more money than she had let on. I asked her if I could look at her Venmo in which I see regular deposits from her father ranging from $400-$1000 weekly as an "allowance". 

I called her a trustfund baby, and told her that she's a liar for pretending that she doesn't actually have money when she clearly does, and that she's just masquerading around lower classes and likes looking at how we all live. She got extremely upset with me and left, and is still refusing to speak to me.

AITA?Am I the asshole for straightening my daughters hair without my wife’s permission?

I (male 32) have a four year old daughter. Let’s call her Gracie. Gracie is half black, her mother (female 31) being African American. Her mother over all handled all of Gracie’s hair care and taught me how to do simple styles but even those “simple” styles were difficult.


My wife ended up going on a vacation with her friends to celebrate her friends birthday and my mother came over to visit. I hadn’t done Gracie’s in a few days so it became nappy and unmanageable. When I tried to comb her hair the comb broke. My mother said that I should get my daughter a perm so her hair would be more manageable so I took her to a salon and got it permed.


My wife got home and when she saw our daughter she was livid. She screamed at me and then at my mother for even suggesting that but I think she’s overreacting because it’s just hair. Then she brought up our wedding. My mother had tried to get my wife to straighten her hair for the wedding but my wife refused because she wanted her natural hair on her wedding day so she could be as natural as possible.

My mother often comments on my wife’s and daughters hair and I agree with my mother. But now my wife’s telling me that perms chemically burn and damage hair to change the texture and that I “damaged” our daughters hair. Now she’s thinking of getting our daughters hair cut so her hair can “heal from the damages” but I still think she’s overreacting. Besides, I don’t want my daughters hair to be cut. She looks so cute now.

Am I the asshole for straightening my daughters hair without my wife’s permission even though Gracie is my daughter too?

Edit: I’ve read the comments and came to a realization about my marriage and my wife and now I just feel horrible. My wife’s mentioned in passing about her childhood and was always vague about it but after overhearing a conversation between her and my mother in law I just realized how much I truly messed up.

My wife is dark skinned and tall and she got bullied for that along with her hair. She went to a predominately white school in bogalusa and that made her hate herself and her looks for a while. My god my wording was horrible too. My wife is beautiful and so is my daughter and their hair isn’t a problem. I’m the problem and so is my mother.

After hearing my wife’s conversations about me and my mother I realized that my mothers a bully and I’m just a drone/follower. My mother constantly picked on my wife and I just stood by and blindly agreed because she’s my mom. But that woman who I married is my wife and I should have protected her from… my own ignorance and my mothers ignorance. 

I took something she took pride in and belittled it.  I was too lazy to learn and took my mothers advice. Hell my mothers said so many cruel things that I didn’t think twice of until reading these comments. She’d always make sure my daughter didn’t play outside when she’d go over her house because she didn’t want her to be darker like her mother and that comment made me uncomfortable but I took it as a weird joke. 

I’m cutting my mother off and I’m going to apologize to my wife and daughter and start watching hair tutorials again. I’m also going to sign up for a hair braiding class when the pandemic has slowed down once more. God I’m a horrible husband and father. When my wife is willing to talk to (I won’t force her) I’ll apologize and if she wants to leave me over this it’ll hurt like hell but I’ll understand. I’ve just pushed her to the sidelines for so long and couldn’t even see it.

I am the asshole. The biggest asshole here.

Edit 2: I just got off the phone with my mother. My wife listened in on the phone call, I didn’t realize she was in the living room with me until she put her hand on my shoulder during the call. My mother is well, livid. She freaked out on me and threatened to call CPS When I told her I didn’t want her coming around my wife and daughter and refused to even try to understand what we did wrong.

Then I mentioned the damage that the perm could cause to my daughter, (I read a small article by a black owned hair care company about childhood perm horror stories along with the history behind perms and I’m just… disgusted with myself and my mother) and my mother said my wife was being a drama queen. When I told her my daughter might need a hair cut behind this she flipped out and said “I won’t let my grand daughter look like a bull d*ke!” And I was mortified.

She said she’s take my daughter from me and my wife and raise her the way god intended. That caused a screaming match. My wife put her hand on my shoulder in the midst of it and took the phone from home and told my mother if she comes to our home again the police will be called and then she hung up. I put our baby to bed and then we talked. My daughter and wife are beautiful and I don’t understand how for the life of me I thought those horrible things.

Maybe it was like that snl sketch “diet racism.” Hearing those things from your parent and just blindly listening no matter how horrible it sounds. My wife is still mad at me (rightfully so) but she told me she isn’t leaving me over this. She said I have a lot to learn and that if I want this relationship to last I need to open my eyes and realize that the world I live in is different from the one she lives in and different from the world our daughter will live in.

Im horrified at myself and horrified at my mother. My father called a few moments ago but I ignored the call. I’ll talk to him in the morning about this. Thank you all for talking some sense into me and I thanked my wife for staying with me even though she doesn’t have to. Tomorrow we are asking our baby girl if she wants a hair cut. Knowing her she’ll want to get one like her uncle.

He has these cool designs shaved into hide head. If she wants that she can have that. She’s my world and I refuse to ever be this ignorant and harmful to her again.

Final edit: my wife and I arranged for our daughter to spend the night at my mother in laws house and couples therapy will be in the near future. The comments sections have certainly given me many perspectives of how horrible my words and actions are. I won’t be doing any more replies or edits because this is a throw away account. I think that’s the right term for this. My mother has called the house multiple times from my sisters phone. My sister is 25 and lives for drama so now the whole family on my mothers side is blowing up my phone with many mixed opinions… most of which are horrible.

It’s funny, the only family member who’s opinion reflects this comment sections common consensus is the one who was disowned a few months ago. Well actually that’s not funny. It shows how messed up my family is. Thank you all for these reply’s no matter how “harsh” or “mean” they might seem, I needed this.When my husband and I first started talking about kids I was very firm that that if I had daughters I didn’t want them to do gymnastics or ballet. I have a history of eating disorders and I just don’t want to put my daughters in sports with a high incidence of that. I did ballet 10 years and the damage that it did to my psych is irreversible. Also my husband and I are both tall and both those sports favour petite girls. I don’t want to give my daughter reasons to be insecure about her height.

So our daughter is 6 and has shown some in interest in ballet since two of her school friend’s are enrolled in it. I just said no.  I know they are kids but once you sign them up for these sports as a kid, I don’t think there’s some arbitrary age where it suddenly becomes toxic. We enrolled her in soccer and singing + piano lessons which she seems to be enjoying.

I was recently at my mother in laws house after she watched our kids for a weekend and she said I should sign my daughter up for ballet because she “likes to dance” I explained that I wasn’t going to and explained why. My mother in law said that I was being cruel to my child for having a vendetta against ballet and gymnastics and said all little girls want to do those sports. I just told my mother in law that she although I appreciate her help, it’s my job to make parenting decisions and do what I think is best for my daughter.

I was a bit annoyed at my husband because he didn’t even stand up for me even though we have talked about it multiple times. I kinda went off at him later that night and he said although he sees my point, and supports me, bit  it was kind of unfair on our daughter because she won’t really understand why I’m not letting her do ballet. This is literally the first time he's  said anything negative about my aversion to gymnastics and ballet and I was a bit taken aback.

AITA here?

Edit: LMAO The misogyny of some of the comments saying I'm projecting my insecurities on my daughter. If it helps, I also have a firm rule about not allowing my son to play tackle football. Am I projecting my personal insecurities onto him as well???? This is about protecting them not my insecurities lol.[deleted]I wasn't the perfect father, but goddamn. The way my daughter (Alana, 26) talks about me in therapy, you'd think I'd never done anything good for her at all. I get it. I fucked up. But it's like I told the therapist when he asked me how my daughter's words made me feel: "I'm not trying to shift any blame, but my wife is right here and my daughter hasn't said one bad word about her this entire time. Is this goijg to be family therapy or bash Dad for an hour and forty-five minutes every week?"

He told me that, that uncomfortable feeling I felt and that frustration was how my daughter has been feeling for all these years. And I told him, "I get that, that's why I'm here, so we can all get past that and move forward. Forward. Not continuously going back to the past and talking about things that we can't change. What are some solutions moving forward?"
And he said, "It starts with listening."

That was the first session. We're on session three. I've been listening and all I hear is a lot whole of "Daddy this" and "Daddy that" and I'm ready to call it quits and throw in the towel. I told my wife that she could go to the sessions without me from now on and she can listen to my daughter complain about me all they want because obviously if she hates me that much, it's better if I stay away.

My wife said that if I stopped going that would make me an AH because this isn't about me and that we're there to support our daughter in her healing process.

I said that was easy for her to say because she's not the one getting targeted every week and if this isn't about me (too) then this isn't *family* therapy and I should just remove myself if I'm the cause of all the problems.

I'm having doubts though because I did neglect our daughter a lot when she was little, and I do want a better relationship with her, but if I have to keep going through this? Fuck no.[removed]This happened a couple of months ago, but I wasn't aware that it was an issue until recently when I called and asked if she would like me to bring anything to Christmas and she said we weren't invited.

I'm going to call my fiancé's mom Madeline and and partner Robert. So Madeline and I have had a really difficult relationship. I am open to fixing it, because I know MILs and DILs have a hard time sometimes, but right now it is very tense. Also in our social circle weddings are a huge deal. I don't know if this is a thing everywhere, but around here it is typical for the bride to wear white at all pre-wedding festivities and honestly we are all a little extra. Madeline also likes to needle people. I heard her once saying she was in love with Robert because he is an ass back to her. She ahs also implied she finds me boring, because I don't do the whole sarcasm and pissing people off for fun.

My parents hosted a very nice engagement party for us and Madeline showed up a little late. My mom gave her the obligatory compliment on her dress, and Robert turned to me, smirked, and said I should thank him because Madeline had a white cocktail dress she had planned on wearing, but he spilled champagne on her on a boat a few months ago and she didn't realize it had stained. I just looked at him kind of like what the fuck, why would you tell me that? 

Robert laughed, kissed her, and was like sorry baby I'll buy you another dress. Also it is important to note that my fiancé does back me up but wasn't there at the moment. My mother was clearly horrified and about to say something, and i was furious. I asked them both to leave. Madeline said she would leave but don't expect her to get dressed up for one of my "stupid" parties again if I'm just going to kick her out. My mom told her to leave and never step foot on our property again, so they left and we haven't heard from them, but that is not abnormal. Madeline and my fiancé don't really talk anymore, but we always spend Christmas eve with her.

I texted a few days ago and asked if she would like me to bring anything and she said I wasn't invited because I kicked her out of our party over a joke that she didn't even make. I said that we should really put that aside because it is Christmas and doesn't she want to see her son? She wrote back lol no. I just feel like she is really overreacting and being mentally abusive by keeping him from the family.So for backstory, I am a after school care provider at a small, somewhat underprivileged elementary school in the south. I have been having issues with one of my students, let's call him Nash.

Nash persistently acts out, and recently he has been directing this behavior at me personally. For context, I am on the heavier side, and am also female, and as such struggle with body image issues. Every day after school when I give the kids their snack Nash would always have a nasty remark prepared. He would take his snack and say something like "Ms. Nasty Quibbits you're too FAT for snacks", or another remark relating to my appearance. It has seriously affected me both mentally and emotionally to the point where I dreaded going to work and I dreaded snack time even more.

Flash forward to a few days ago when I was approached by a superior who wanted to talk about Nash's behavior after school. The gist of the conversation was that the school was making budget cuts, and would need to cut a portion of the kids using the school-subsidized after care program. Nash was one of these kids, and my supervisor basically wanted to know how I felt about cutting him and if he was a disruption to the point of bothering the other children. I inquired as to why he was asking (it seemed odd to give him special attention, why not just cut him?) and he said that Nash's father had recently been sentenced to a lengthy prison stay and his mother had begged not to be cut. After thinking about it for a moment I said yes, and in retrospect his behavior with other children generally wasn't much of an issue, however I decided that he was making me uncomfortable to the point of hindering my job performance and that it was putting the other children at risk.

&#x200B;

When I told my mother though she insisted I had abandoned the child and was behaving callously towards a child in need. I tried to explain to her that it was affecting my job performance (she KNOWS how I feel about my weight), and that I would be doing the other children a disservice if I wasn't at my best, but she just slammed the door in my face as if I was some sort of child abuser. Personally I don't think the personal lives of these children are my concern, and it is there responsibility not to bring that attitude on school grounds.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

EDIT: For those asking Nash is 7.My wife and I have a great relationship. Very open communication and willingness to help the other. This is a unique situation where we’re both a bit frustrated.

My wife stays at home to take care of our one beautiful, baby son. I work 45-50 hour weeks and need to get up by 6:30 AM. I also have a diagnosed genetic health condition that is kind of scary and leaves me more fatigued than most people. I struggle with fatiguing events, like losing lots of sleep. So when I wake up in the night to care for our crying baby, it makes my work days especially difficult.

However, I love my wife and make sure to take care of our child on weekend nights. I choose not to sleep in and care for our baby so that my wife can get extra sleep. This also applies to days I have off, like holidays.

I don’t feel this 2/7 + days off structure is unfair because I need to be up early and alert at work. I understand that she needs to be awake to tend to our baby, but she can also take naps when our baby does. I have no such privilege.

I also help take care of the baby at night like any good father would. I just can’t do waking up in the middle of the night when I work. AITA?My fiance (26F) and I (28M) are getting married at a destination wedding next summer.  The destination is special to my fiance as she vacationed there with her family a couple times when she was younger and it holds sentimental value to her.  I was open to the idea since I am pretty indifferent when it comes to wedding planning and this seemed like an easy way to check a lot of boxes at once, plus the added bonus of my fiance getting a wedding she dreamed about.

Of course, the downfall of a destination wedding is that people might not be able to attend.  We expected this and had a lot of conversations about making sure we don't take anything personally if people can't attend and were very clear to the people we asked to be in our wedding party about the cost and expectations.  There were a couple friends I asked to be groomsmen that had to decline due to them having young kids and I totally get that and respect it.  I'm not an idiot, my wedding is not more important than your kids to you.

This hasn't been as much of a problem with my fiance's side as her family comes from money and destination weddings are kind of the norm for them.  In the time we've dated I think 4-5 of her cousins have had destination weddings, but we only attended one of them and there was no fuss on anyone's part about the ones we didn't go to.

My family however, does not come from money.  When I told my parents and siblings about our wedding plans, they all kind of freaked out about not being able to afford it.  I get it, my siblings have kids and expenses too.  I told them I understand if it's not something they are able to afford and I while I would love for them to be there, I won't hold it against them if they can't make it work.

My parents have guilted me over it a little bit, but have assured me they will be attending.  However, they told me that we should all pool some money together (and by "all" they mean mostly me) to make sure all my siblings and their families can attend.  I told them there is pretty much no way I can do that.

My 2 sisters got wind of this idea (probably from my mom) and they said that the only way they can attend is if I help pay for at least half of their trips for their whole families, kids included.  I kind of laughed at that and told them there is no way I will do that.  They said that since I am the one who decided to have a destination wedding that it is my responsibility to make sure my family can all attend.

I told them that I love them and would love to have them at my wedding, but I am not funding vacations for their entire family.  I said the only way I would even consider it would be if it was just them and their spouses, no kids.  They said that excluding their kids was not acceptable.

They told me that I have turned into a stuck-up asshole since I got engaged and I am rubbing my fiance's money in their faces.  They accused me of having a destination wedding on purpose to rub it in their faces that they can't afford something it.

&#x200B;

EDIT:  It was suggested to me that I add a comment I made to this post.

&#x200B;

>it hurts them to watch you choose money over their participation in your life; it hurts them to be excluded from the wedding of their close loved one.

Meh, they don't really show much interest in my life anyway. Shit, when my sisters face-timed me to complain, it was the first time either of them had taken the time to call me in almost 18-months. I am 10-years younger than my older sister and 8-years younger than the other. I have been an afterthought in their lives ever since they started having kids. I don't hold it against them, I get it. Their families are the most important things in their lives.

I make sure to send cards for each of their kids on every birthday, gifts for every kid at Xmas. I don't even get a text from them on my birthday. Maybe you're right. Maybe I'm kidding myself into thinking I actually want them there and this is just my subconscious reminding me that they DGAF about me unless they think they can get something out of it. But for them to act like they actually care about my important life events kind of makes me laugh now that I think about it.So I (29F) I was born into a family who had a lot of money. I had the newest and most expensive things growing up, went to private school, had cars, expensive jewellery and houses given to me as birthday and graduation gifts. I am grateful that my parents didn't raise me to think lower of people because of money and stuff.

So anyway, this incident involves me, my ex (28M), my current bf (25M), my bf’s sister (30F) and my ex’s bf (25M). Me and my ex were together for a few years and I ended up getting pregnant, I had the baby but didn't really want it, and I broke up with him and let him have her full time, I sent over money to take care of them but I didn't want to be involved.

I have been dating my now bf for almost 4 years now and I am pregnant, this time im ready for a child, we have been looking at rings and been discussing him proposing etc. I am close to my due date now and I decided since I want my dream wedding, plus I want to get nice things for my child and for myself, as a reward for going through these 9 months, that I would stop sending money to my ex for a while, I didn't want to want something for my wedding or child or me and not be able to get it.

I stopped the payment and was talking about it to my bf, he said that it was my money so I get to decide what I do with it, but said that I have so much he couldn't possibly see how I could spend so much I run out. Well, his sister was over and told me that it was not ok at all, she told my bf that it was a huge red flag that I would stop supporting my child that I already have so I could have my dream wedding. I told her not to talk about my relationship.

Well, she knows my ex through me but turns out she actually know his bf personally (she is also gay so I think that's how they knew each other, idk really) and she decided to text him and warn him that im not going to be sending any more money, without even asking me. I called her rude and selfish and told her to get out of my house, my bf tried to calm things down but I said he should have my side and if he is going to go against me he can also leave. He shut up and his sister left.

I got a message from my ex’s bf saying that I should have told them, that I am lucky that they didn't rely on that money to feed her and that they could support her on their income. He said that my reasoning is fucked up and I should have at least given them a heads up. I told him that he is not my kid’s dad and should stop acting like one, I said that it feels like all he cares about is the money (i was upset and insinuated that he is only with my ex for my money, I didn't really mean it I was just emotional). I've blocked him and my bf’s sister. Im now super upset and stressed and worried how this might affect my baby. 

Now while I don't think im TA but there are a few people mad at me, my bf almost took his sister’s side and im just a hormonal mess rn so im not 100% sure im being unbias, so AITA?I (24M) have a truck, and therefore am everyone’s first contact if they need to move anything. I typically have “reasons” to get out of it, but this time my sister (27F) needed help moving. She and her husband have my nephew (2) and are expecting twins next month, so bought a house about an hour away from their apartment, and they’re trying to get settled before the babies are born. I had plans but pushed them back so I could help them make 2 trips to the new house. 

My sister was packing things at the apartment and came with us on the second trip to the house. About 20 minutes away from the new house my sister said we needed to pull over so she could use the bathroom. I let her know how close we were so she could hold it for a little longer. Her husband demanded I pull into the nearest gas station, but we were about to pass it anyway, so again I said she could hold it for a bit. Well she released a full bladder of piss all over the back of my truck. She couldn’t get it all cleaned out when we got to the house, so I told her I’d want them to cover the rest of the cleanup. My BIL lost it on me and said they wouldn’t pay for anything, since I wouldn’t pull over. My sister is a grown woman that I’ve known my whole life, she can hold it for 15 minutes. Now I have a truck full of piss and half my family isn’t talking to me. AITA for expecting an adult to be responsible for their own pee?

Tl;dr: my sister pissed in my truck because I wouldn’t pull over, now she and her husband won’t pay for my truck to be cleaned, which is what I would like to happen.

EDIT: I just called and apologized. I’m paying for it.

EDIT 2: I sent her the link to the post so she could enjoy my downfall. She’s happier now.My ex wife and I have been divorced for 2 years, we have one child together. She tries to be friendly but I think it’s inappropriate so I keep her at bay. I got covid three months ago, I was in a really bad way and I called her. She stayed with me for 3 weeks, made my food, cleaned for me, administered my medications, and even rubbed my back while I was getting sick. She was amazingly attentive. I felt guilty for calling her but she’s always been there and I can always count on her. Another friend brought me soup, but my ex has always been very nurturing. As I started feeling better, I started talking to my friends more and I didn’t want her around as much so I started ignoring her when she came in. I could tell it hurt her but I know she still cares about me and I didn’t want her interfering in my other relationships thinking anything has changed. Recently, she asked me for additional help with the baby. I told her I didn’t have the time or the money to help with because I was making up for missed time while being sick. My sister told me I’m being an asshole and I should at least make time because she put her whole life on hold to take care of me when she didn’t have to. She said I was unappreciative and that people look their whole lives for people like her and I’m treating her like garbage. She said the only reason I treat her like this is because I still have feelings and I want to appease my friends and girlfriends. My sister called her and is helping with the baby now, and she’s turned my family against me. I missed a lot of work and I’m making it up. Am I the asshole for not making time?

Edit: she previously had covid so she had a lower risk than anyone else. My other friends texted and checked in on me and I had one drop off soup. I can see that a majorly feel I am the asshole here and if that’s the case I will work it out with work to adjust schedule a little. It was annoying after a while when I felt better to have her still checking in. It was like she expected me to entertain her when I just wanted to relax. It was habit to call her. We divorced because she wasn’t who I envisioned myself with, I feel that love should be more passion and sparks and where we had chemistry she was of the “old school” belief that love is work and taking care of each other. I just couldn’t bring her around my friends either, she just didn’t fit in. We’ve been amicable and she’s not said anything about being upset. Covid hurt me fiscally so I’ve been working extra to make up. I didn’t feel that she was entitled to time outside of our agreement, but I can see where it would be best in the interest of our child.[removed]My best friend of 5 years got a girlfriend last year and he's been claiming he's in love with her. After he started dating her he started neglecting our friendship and I confronted him about it. When I did he said he's not neglecting me he's just enforcing boundaries because we can't be together 24/7,sleep together or go on dates. I sucked it up but I was bitter that a girl he just started dating took my place. I am seeing him do all these things with her and having all these experiences while he doesn't do it with me. One day he didn't come to boys football night because his gf was hospitalised and wanted to stay with her.

Yesterday was my birthday and I am planning to have my party tomorrow night with my close friends. When I invited my best friend he let me know he couldn't make it since I'm telling him last minute and if I told him earlier he'd make time to come. When I asked why he couldn't make it he said that his family and his girlfriends family planned to meet each other and it was on the day I'd plan my party. He didn't know I'd have my party on Sunday when he planned for the families to meet but I told him and he straight told me he wouldn't come instead of trying to cancel and arrange another time. I'm his best friend and I'm hurt he wouldn't even try to find time for me and my party over something concerning his girlfriend again.

This morning I video chatted him and asked to see his gf as well as I told them I had to make an announcement. When his gf came on the call I started telling him he's a simp and he forgot his best friend over her and that he'll regret treating me like that after she dumps him. Said I'll always be here with open arms to support him but he shouldn't prioritise her over me regardless. His girlfriend started screaming at me telling me to stay in my lane and he defended her, he said I'm being unreasonable and overreacting and I should get it together. They hang up on me.

After that I texted the boys' group chat letting them know what happened and they told me I acted like TA since I overstepped. AITA? I don't think I am.

Edit : I am a woman, 20 years old for people thinking I'm a man.
Also I don't care if he dates. I just don't want his attention to be on another woman rather than me. I've known him and supported him all these years. I'll be here after he dumps her or she dumps him. I'll be here always before and after any other woman. I'll support him, be his shoulder to cry on. No other woman would support him and know him as well as I do. And it's hurtful he won't see that. I don't want to date him. I am not in love with him and I mean it. I just don't want to be second to him.Hi, all. Throwaway because several people I know use Reddit. 

I am a 27 year old transwoman. I came out at fourteen, and over the years I've gotten a wonderful group of friends, just about all of which are LGBT and supportive. It's become a club of sorts, and occasionally we get new members.

It's pretty much customary in our particular circle to introduce ourselves with our pronouns. We have several non-binary members, so this is very important to us.

Recently, a friend of mine introduced a new member, who we'll call D (25, NB). After everyone introduced themselves, D told us their preferred pronouns were it/its.

I immediately got uncomfortable and didn't really refer to them for the rest of the evening. It wasn't that D was unpleasant, in fact they were wonderful and very funny.

I have a little bit of history with being referred to as it, especially since I went through bullying in high school that used it as an insult. So I find it demeaning to refer to myself and other people that way. 

I felt bad for not respecting D's pronouns, so I took them aside and explained the issue I had with their chosen pronouns and asked if they had an alternative I could use. They didn't really give me an answer, just got angry and left. 

Later, the friend that brought D along sent me a message saying that D was very hurt by my refusal to use their pronouns and that they've been talking to other people in my friend group about it.

No one has really made a stink about it, but I'm starting to feel much more guilty about it. AITA?[removed]
My parents raised me to not flaunt our wealth. They worked really hard for it and they taught us to be very careful with it. I lived in a house my parents own but I pretend I was renting it. My boyfriend and I have been dating for 2 years. We are finally ready to move in together. I told him that my parents actually owned the house and he wouldn't have had to pay any rent.  I thought he would be happy but he got all quiet and then said it was bullshit that I hid this from him. 

He asked me how I had watched him struggle through the six month where he didn't have a job when I could have helped him out. He said he had been going through his budget so that he could make the move work. He said he didn't really needed any help but just knowing he could have moved in without being a burden for me would have helped his nerves. He also said he felt I was testing him by not telling him earlier and lying about the amount of rent I paid. 

I feel guilty. I wanted to help him but I just didn't want to tell him that my parents are wealthy. It makes things weird. we have such natural chemistry that I didn't want to ruin it and I never even noticed that he was struggling. He seemed to able handle unemployment well and he was up and about trying to get a job and he got a great one. He is great. I feel shit for lying to him.For my whole life I never knew who my biological father was, my mom and family always been super secretive about it.

Recently my mom decided to tell me as I just turned 16 and she felt I was old enough to know now after I asked her. 

She sat me down in the living room and told me that my bio dad was her ex step father aka my grandmother ex husband... I felt extremely disgusted and disappointed at my mom and said to her "why wonder grandma hates being around you, you couldn't keep your legs closed long enough to keep away from grandma's husband" and "I am completely disgusted with you, I don't even know if I can look at you the same way" I said a lot of other stuff, I wasn't really kind with my words. 

My mom cried and said "I'm really sorry, my actions ended up hurting alot of people, its something I live with everyday, just know that my actions don't define you" 

I told my mom to save her words and went to my room, I never thought in a million years that this would be the outcome, I feel grossed out and a little disgusted with myself, everything honestly started making sense though.  The way my grandmother acts around me and how the only times I ever go to her house is on holidays when my younger siblings go to her house alot more. Their always been this weird tension when my mom and grandma are alone in a room or when they speak to each other, no one ever wanted to talk to me about my bio dad. 

My step dad came into my room after a few hours, he ask me how I am feeling and told me that he understands why I'm upset and I have ever right to be but that doesn't give me the right to speak to my mom the way I did and that I should apologize and went on about how my mother sacrificed alot for me and was always there for me when I needed her. Which is true my mom always been a amazing mother and from what I seen a good person, I always felt loved by her. 

After my step dad spoke to me I started feeling really bad at how I spoke to my mom but at the same time I feel like she deserves because she betrayed my grandma. 

This is stuff I felt was important to add in when I reread everything 

- i summarize everything so I wouldn't be writing a novel 

- my mom was 19 when she got in a relationship with my bio dad and my grandma was on the edge of divorce and was living in separate houses at the time. 

Aita for freaking out at my mom when I found out who my bio dad is

EDIT--- I appreciate your guys honest opinions and  take it to heart, I spoken to my mom and apologized and she accepted the apology instantly, I love my mom and I understand how hurtful the things I said to her were, I hope in the future I'll be more compassionate like my mom.

I also want to say to all the people Pming with hateful messages to please stop, telling me to go kill myself and stuff is extremely unnecessary, I understand that I made a mistake but I don't believe it warrants message like that.I am (20F) living with my parents and (25F) (14F) sisters.

Growing up, we’ve always been a closely tied family, eaten out together, everyone’s been together, eating, talking and enjoying ourselves. 

My 14F sister liked cooking a lot, and at her early teens (11-13 years old) she got very interested in cooking. She would cook for us, both desserts and proper meals. Her cooking has always been good, however she put on some weight. She got a little chubby but I do not think that she was overweight. 

My family and I noticed this, because me and my 25F sister have always been slim I was worried that my 14F sister was on her path to an unhealthy lifestyle.

My parents started encouraging her to start doing sports, my dad mentioning that she might want to lose a few kilos and that he would pay for a Gym Membership (Obviously because he wanted her to be healthy) but she refused and would only play her guitar at home instead. 

So she wouldn’t do much activities except for P.E. At school which would be 2 lessons (120 Mins) per week.

My family contacted the school nurse and asked her about my sisters weight, the nurse responded saying that our (14F) sister had a Healthy BMI count. After that my parents let that situation be and we went years without talking about her weight.

But whenever we were fighting our family would call our (14F) sister rude things “Cow, bull,  Whale” But it was just a family thing.

Yes, i agree that it was rude, but she would mock us too and we would only say those things when we were obviously mad at each other so that no one would take any offense.

Before it all went downhill, I suggested for my sister to Fast because she needed it. She started crying and my mom told me to apologize, so i did. 

Since January this year, my 14F sister started becoming extremely active, walking to school and back (40 mins each) and she would be out all day so that we couldn’t eat together. So our family would eat without her.

No matter how much we encouraged her, she wouldn’t eat. And my family noticed a weightloss that was applaused because she was looking much slimmer and healthier. 

But it got worse, she started refusing to eat anything at all, even her favorite foods. Nothing would ever get her to eat and she would be outside all day so we barely saw her. 

8 Months went, she looks skeletal, my parents keep telling her that she looks like a skeleton, an old woman, and that she needs to put on some weight.

She is denying her weightloss and we cannot do anything about it. We contacted the school nurse once again and (14F) sister refused to be weighed.

We are extremely worried about her, and i’m scared that my words affected her.

I might be the asshole because My little sister has stopped eating and i am worried that me previously mocking her might have affected her negatively.[removed]Throwaway because my son uses Reddit. My (60F) oldest and only son (29M) and his wife (27F) got engaged during the Summer of 2019. They began planning their wedding but pushed it back due to COVID. During COVID, they came up with a plan to get married but have a party later to celebrate. 

Their plan was to do a self-uniting ceremony where they would be the only ones there. They told me and my husband, the in-laws, and grandparents in person only 3 weeks before everything was to happen. I was distraught. I told them it was selfish to leave family out of it and I tried to convince them to wait until the “wedding” to actually get married. They didn’t and went ahead with their idea because they said it’s what they wanted to do and it was important to them for it to be just themselves. They hosted a small party with family a few days later to celebrate their marriage but my husband and I only stayed for 2 hours because I was still so upset. It’s been a few months since and they have all but ceased communication with me and haven’t let me in on any of the details for the wedding/party they’re planning. I let them know how I felt and they told me I needed to apologize before our relationship could move forward. 

This really upset me because I don’t feel I’m in the wrong for being mad at how they handled everything and we haven’t spoken since. 

AITA for being mad at how everything was handled?

Update: I called my son and told him I was sorry that I didn’t talk to him on the day he got married, but that he also had to understand I felt left out. He didn’t say anything to me after that and then told me my husband and I would be invited to the wedding but as guests only, and nothing else. We wouldn’t be doing a mother/son dance and that we would be treated as guests. I told him that was ridiculous and I’m still his mother and I’m happy for him. He said “if you’re not going to apologize to me at least apologize to my wife” and then hung up.

I called my daughter in law and told her I was sorry that my disappointment overshadowed her joy on the day they got married, but that she has to understand how I feel and that I have been picturing this for my entire son’s life and I felt left out. She didn’t say a word to me and just hung up. I don’t know where to go from here because I still want to celebrate the holidays with them but I don’t think that’s going to happen.

Update 2: it looks like my son did in fact find this post.UPDATE POST HERE: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/r3v502/update\_excluded\_my\_best\_friends\_from\_my/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/r3v502/update_excluded_my_best_friends_from_my/)

&#x200B;

Hey all. First for some context:

I am hosting thanksgiving this year at my house. We had to push the date back a day because for the convenience of a few people. I have two kids, 12M and 15F. Earlier today they came to me asking who would be at the get-together we were doing. I started listing people, aunts, uncles, cousins, friends of the family, etc. I got to 2 of my friends, who for privacy's sake I'll call John and David, and their faces dropped. I stopped and asked what was wrong and my oldest explained that they weren't comfortable around John and David. I asked why but they didn't give me a straight answer. These guys have been two of my best friends since kindergarden and 2nd grade respectively and I've always included them in celebrations such as this when appropriate. David even attended some of my kids' birthdays and got them nice gifts. I've always been with them when they were around my kids and they have haven't been anything other than extremely kind to them. My kids ask that I exclude John and David from the get-together, but I'd already invited them. It would be rude to un-invite them, and what was I going to tell them? Because my kids asked? They might not believe that and if they did It would hurt their feelings. I asked and asked if they could tell me why they feel this way but I never got an actual answer. I consulted my wife on the matter and while she sympathized with me she also said that there has to be a reason the kids feel this way. For right now I have decided to keep them invited, as I see no reason for my kids to be uncomfortable around them. I told my kids that until they can tell me why they want it to happen, I will not un-invite John and David. They seemed quite upset but hours have passed and they are currently in bed, still no explanation given.

If you need some more information I'll be happy to give what I can. Am I an Asshole?

Edit: I will be talking to my children in the morning about this. If they still don't say anything, I'll exclude John and David from the get together.

Edit 2: For some more context: There is almost no situation where they could have been with my kids unsupervised. They live multiple hours away and have only come here during occasions such as this, which as I said they were never alone with my kids during these times. My kids aren't old enough to go out on their own yet and their school has security and wouldn't let just some random dudes in or much less let them be alone with kids. I've tried to make it as clear as possible to my kids that they can tell me anything

Edit 3: I understand the sentiment here. I know that not trusting my kids initially was a really bad move on my part. I don't think any abuse has occured, but unfortunetly I know there is a slim possibility.

Edit 4: I understand something is going on and I am going to take your advice to try to get to the bottom of this. I really would appreciate if you all would not mention sexual abuse. I know for a fact that is not what is going on. I know that sounds as if I just don't want that to bet true, but I just know its not the truth. I've known John and David almost all my life and neither of them could ever do anything like that.

Final edit: My kids are getting up in a few minutes. I'm going to have a calm talk with them about this with my wife. I'm absolutely not letting John or David near my kids for the time being, I want that to be absolutely clear. I also don't have the time or patience to argue with nearly 600 of you, so I want to clear things up. I'm almost certain that no sexual abuse has occured. I say this because  all but 2 of the get-togethers where both my kids and John and / or David were both present, the events were outside. We have a very open and flat backyard and no one can sneak off together. As for the two events that were held inside, both were birthdays of my kids. I was obviously focused on them the whole time, so I know nothing happened then. As for times outside of these events, both John and David live hours away from us and don't have any way to get into our house or access our kids when we aren't around. Their school has security and neither are old enough to be out alone without one or both of us. As for social media, I'm not as certain nothing is going on. As far as I know my daughter (the only one with a phone) only has snapchat, which John and David don't have. As far as I know, they only have facebook, which my daughter doesn't. I can't be sure because I haven't and most likely won't go through any of their phones. John and David also both have wives, kids, and jobs of their own. I understand everyone's concerns and I will probably be making an update post in a few hours. Our get-together starts at  8:30 and last until 12. Might take longer than that to update depending on how things go and if people stick around for longer. I hear you all and I am putting my kids first on this. Thank you all, and bye for now.

&#x200B;My boyfriend (22m) and I (21f) have been together since March. Because of a few different reasons, this weekend was the first time I met his family - his mum, dad and two older brothers.

They arrived last night and stayed with my boyfriend at his house, with the plan being that I’d meet them earlier today. I coach an ice hockey team from 12-2 on Saturdays, so told him it’d have to be after that. We decided best thing to do would be for him to get to my house with his family, let themselves in and wait there because he lives about 35 minutes from me and it would be easier than them coming once I’d already finished.

I have 4 roommates, and we also have a dog who I told my boyfriend would need feeding when he got there, which he didn’t have an issue with. My roommates were all out. My coaching finished and then I received a call from my local pharmacy saying my prescription was ready, so I decided to go there first as it’s on my way home. There ended up being a huge line and I didn’t get home until about 3:30. 

My boyfriend didn’t mind at all, he’d enjoyed looking after the dog and he got to spend time with his family, but his mum was off with me all afternoon, eventually telling my boyfriend I was clearly unreliable and that I treated him like a servant because I told him the dog needed feeding. I wasn’t late intentionally. AITA?

Editing to add 
1 - controlled drug, couldn’t have gotten it any earlier and needed it for today 
2 - I texted my boyfriend 
3 - some of you need a hobbyMy bf and I have been dating almost a year and he doesn’t know how much I make. I’ve been taken advantage of financially by bfs in the past so I keep what I make and signs of any wealth out of sight. I don’t have a lot of obvious expensive things but my bags and clothes are expensive niche brands and I have a lot of toys like an rv, spyder bike and some other things. He hasn’t caught on to the fact they are mine since I usually leave them at my parent’s place since they use the rv more. He isn’t wealthy he’s told me he makes around 60k and I don’t feel like letting him know what I make. I pay more of our dates but I usually split it and we never go anywhere fancy. He’s been annoyed that I will never discuss money with him or really what I do for work. I tell him I work in tech which he feels like isn’t enough info. I’m still trying to decide whether I should trust him with any more details around what I make since money immediately changes a lot of people’s behaviour. He’s gotten mad over this as he’s been trying to get me to disclose what I make and what exactly I do.My husband (m34) and I (f35) have 2 sons (m16 and m10). They've had their own rooms until very recently.

My husband is the oldest of 8. His mom has mental health issues and is a drug addict so she's lost custody of her kids a few times. Most of them go to their dad's but nobody knows who his youngest sister's (14) dad is and my MIL doesn't have any family so she'd stay with us.

Our house has 4 bedrooms. 3 upstairs and 1 downstairs. She'd stay in the downstairs bedroom but after March 2020, I started using that room as my office. Her bed is still there for when she sleeps over but it isn't much of a bedroom.

CPS placed her with us again a couple months ago and it doesn't look like she's going back to her mom's house this time. I need an office for my job and she needs a real bedroom if she's going to be here for a while so we decided to have my younger son share a room with my older one and my SIL will get my younger son's room.

My older son has always objected to this and said that her old "room" was perfectly fine and that it's not fair that he has to share a room because we want to spoil my SIL.

I told him that if he can't handle sharing a room, he's more than welcome to sleep in my office and if it's good enough for SIL, it's good enough for him. He isn't speaking to me and has been harassing my SIL since. He told my parents about it and they're also on my case for prioritizing my SIL over my sons so I wanted to know if I was the asshole.[removed]We live in a building that isn't very soundproof. Her cat screams for like half an hour as soon as she goes to bed. I mean full on screaming. And it keeps me up at night because she won't do anything about it. I knocked on her door as soon as it started happening last night, and she rudely asked, "It's 2 AM. Is it an emergency?" I told her she needs to stop letting her cat scream this late at night, and she went on about how her cat has separation anxiety and doesn't like doors being closed, but that she needs to keep her door closed or else her cat will chew on her cables and screw her out of her deposit. I gave her a million solutions to that, and she gave me excuses saying they wouldn't work because she "tried them." I told her that she needs to sleep on her couch then or get her own house somewhere. She said, "This is apartment living. Sometimes you hear your neighbors. Get over it." I threatened to call the police to make a noise complaint, and she said she'd call them herself if I didn't go back to my place.

This morning, I heard her call her son saying "some white man" threatened to have her arrested over a "meowing cat" and twisted it to make it sound like I just wanted to put an old black woman in jail. AITA? She's only been here a few days and is already causing trouble.I date Annie (22f) for 4 months. It was a great relationship, like I felt like she was the one, then  I started to notice things about her that reminded me of a toxic ex and I broke it off. I'm also 29 so the age gap thing, ya know. I needed someone mature.

I started seeing Jennette 3 months after and we've been going 6 months strong.

Annie and I have only reached out to wish each happy birthday.

Annie also knows my sister in law through their job. My SIL let me know her mom had died and while I don't have romantic feelings for her anymore, I do care for Annie, so I said I'd go pay my respects with my sister in law and brother. I told Jennette who seemed funny at the idea. at first she told me to reconsider but after talking it over she said it was a very sweet thing to do and because we didn't want to give Annie the wrong idea (like I was still into her) I invited Jennette with me. the whole thing was...awkward. painfully awkward and regrettable. it assured me what I all ready knew Annie is still very immature.

She asked us to leave before the ceremony begun and text my SIL, yelling she shouldn't have let us come and I'm nothing but a tactless asshole I told her later it was to pay respects to her mom, who I knew, and to provide her some comfort but she wants to live in the past and not move on. That's not my problem.

AITA?So literally as the title says. My bio mom wants my (21M) little stepsister (15F) to help out around the house more. While she does do more chores, I’m also a college student and have more responsibilities. I’m networking and building my future career. If needed I could help out, but my mom says this is good character building for my stepsister. 
All she has to do is come in and clean/vacuum my room twice a week and take care of my laundry for me. If she completes these chores by Friday she can hang out with freinds. This is pretty minor since I’m a clean guy, but I was talking to my gf about the arrangement and she was taken aback and thought I was an asshole for letting her do those chores for me. 
I get that yeah I could do them myself by my mom insists she does them and my stepdad is fine with it. And I think it’s probably a good thing for her to learn responsibility and helping out around the house.
She does some dishes and cleaning other parts of the house on top of this, but it’s nothing major reallly. 

AITA

Edit 1: I should have explained this better. Both my mom and stepdad think she should do more housework. Part of my reasoning is that if she isn’t cleaning my room she might end up just doing a different chore that could be even more time consuming, so it’s kind of a win win.

Edit 2: I’m debating weather to ask her to stop doing my room and letting my mom assign her another part of the house—such as the garage—or giving her a reward each week for helping me so it’s more of a win win. I was thinking every 2 weeks she gives me a shopping list and I’ll buy something ~$100? What are your thoughts on this? What is the best thing for me to do?

Edit 3: Because if she’s not cleaning my room, she’ll be given other chores, I have to think of an alternative way to help her. My plan is to hid dollar bills in my laundry so it’s a reward for her, and to take her shopping now and then as a treat and a Thankyou and to show her that I’m on her side. I will also help her more with homework and advice. How does this sound to you guys? Any better ideas? This sounds like the best win win

Edit 4: she has to do more chores bc she has bad behavior in the passed and has thus been given a bigger workload for the foreseeable future. If there’s improvement by Christmas I think her workload will decrease and I will advocate when that conversation happens

Edit 5: Some people have pointed out that my parents harsh style on her could be doing more harm then good. In light of this Im going to try and be there more for her to talk to, and Im going to tell her she can always chill in my room or ask for favors from me. Im going to try and step up and be a good figure she can trust in. Thankyou for all the practical advice. I’m going to talk to her tonight and I’ll let you guys know how it goes

UPDATE!!!: I talked to my step sister this morning about the situation. She said it’s nice for because of the following: I keep my room pretty clean so it only takes ~15 minutes, while my mom thinks it takes 1.5 hours plus. She also said doing my laundry isn’t that bad because she does it in the same load as hers, so the only real time commitment is folding it.

The alternative to cleaning my room would likely be cleaning the garage which would take much more time. She said she prefers cleaning my room over the garage. I told her I emphasize with her situation and want to help her out. From now on, I’m going to give her some money each week to spend with freinds. Then, every now and then I will take her and her freinds to the movies, fairs, to dinner, and I will cover their tabs. She got extremely excited at this and gave me a big hug and texted her freinds so I think she’s happy! I figured taking her out to a treat, and turning the threat of punishment—no seeing freinds—into a reward is a good way to subvert my mom. 

Reddit, Did I do good?I have a 14 year old daughter who's a massive anime fan. In the beginning of October she asked me if I could take her to see it saying she would pay for her ticket. I told her to remind me. So when opening night came on the Friday before Halloween she asked could we still go. I told her no because it was cold and rainy I told her we could go on Halloween. When Halloween came around we were gonna see it that night my my 3 other kids wanted to go to the preserve for trick or treating. She didn't take it too well. I told her that it just came out and we could see it next Saturday day but turns out I had an over night shift I had to work that night so I told her in Sunday we could go Sunday came around she was excided because it was finally time for her to see it but since that morning I didn't get as much sleep as I planned I told her we could go on thrusday since she was off that day. She kept asking me when we were going but I told her I would take her but her sister didn't wanna go on the weekend (her sister hates anime) almost a mouth went by and my daughter is really made at me she stopped smileling and most of the time stays in her room and doesn't even talk to me any more. I told my daughters that I was going to the movies to see a movie with a friend and my daughter look devastated. She asked when was I gonna take her to the movies  I told her I didn't know and with that ask went to her room for the night. The next day it was evening I went to check on her and I saw her laying on her bed on her phone in pitch black darkness. I told her to get over herself and get outta bed the look she gave me made me feel kinda guilty.

Am I the asshole?I regularly play Dungeons & Dragons with a group of five, counting myself. There is the Dungeon Master and four players. I am friends with two other people outside D&D. With the other two, I have a friendly relationship that is limited to playing D&D. We've been playing for most of a year and have always gotten along.

I am Christian, and while my religion is very important to me, I do my best to be tolerant of other people and not to shove my religion down someone else's throat. I don't mention my religion to other people unless it comes up or they ask me. I can take jokes about my religion and personal beliefs, and do not consider myself uptight about it. I know that some Christians are **very** sensitive to parodies and the like, I either laugh or roll my eyes and move on. For example, while I avoid taking the Lord's name in vain, I don't really care if someone else does - it's their belief and choice.

Our group finished a short campaign and decided to start a new one, complete with new characters. We were all having fun making our characters, rolling, etc., until one of the players (we'll call him Ted) decided to name his character after the true, personal name of the Lord. If you don't know what that is, look up "The Tetragammon" or "HaShem" and you'll find out. I can't say it or type it here.

When I saw the name of Ted's character, I asked why he named it that, and he asked if I knew the true name of the Lord. I said I did, and said that the name offended me and asked him to change it. He laughed and said I was being too sensitive and that it was just a D&D character. I said that naming a character that goes against my religion and it was offensive to me, and I again asked him to change the name of the character.

The others got involved and after a few minutes of discussion, the others sided with Ted and told me to lighten up about it. One of them said that they didn't really care about Ted's character's name or my religion, but they wanted to get on with playing and that I needed to stop delaying the game. About a half hour later, we started playing, and for the rest of the night, I referred to Ted's character as "Ted's character," including when I was roleplaying and talking as my character. When I did that, the others rolled their eyes and the DM told me that this was stupid and shouldn't get in the way of roleplaying.

That was last week. Everyone else still thinks I'm in the wrong about this and making too big a deal of the whole thing. I don't want to cause trouble, but not only is it offensive to me for Ted to name his character that, my religion **prohibits me from typing or saying the name of his character**. AITA? Please help me figure out what to do. Other than this one incident, I've always thought Ted was a nice person, and we've gotten along fine.My daughter was married to her high school sweetheart Jason. He is a kind, sweet boy and we thought they were perfect for each other until she decided to cheat. They are now divorced and she is dating the girl who wrecked their marriage. I don't have a problem with my daughter dating a woman but I do have a problem with my daughter cheating on her husband and dating a woman who was willing to be with a married woman. It is despicable behavior. 

She justifies it by saying that he was controlling and my elder daughter took her side by telling me that Jason had shown up drunk after finding out that my younger daughter cheated on him. she told me that he wanted to speak to my younger daughter but my older daughter's husband, Dave didn't let him into their house. I don't find this to be credible enough evidence to 

I am close to Jason and I still stay in touch with him. He told me that he couldn't go home for Christmas this year and he was going to be alone. I could see that he was sad and miserable. I invited him to our Christmas dinner. 

Both of my daughter are upset with me. The elder one thinks that I shouldn't take his side in the divorce while the younger one decided she didn't want to spent Christmas with us and my elder daughter also cancelled. I think I am doing the right thing and my wife agrees with me but I can't shake the feeling that I am making a mistake and I don't want to spent Christmas without either of my daughters.I'm asking this primarily because I have to live next to this guy and I don't want to be enemies for no good reason, and also because I need to know if I'm in the wrong before any legal action is taken. 

I am (36F). I recently moved into a new house with my husband (37M), which is in a nice suburban neighborhood. Originally, there were no problem, and then trouble arose. 

Our neighbors on one side consist of a father and four kids. They seemed nice enough and quiet. I don't know how old the kids' are but there's two tween boys, and a younger girl and boy. When it happened, my husband was at work and I was driving home. 

As I was driving down the street I saw the one of the older boys walk into my yard, bend down, pick up a ball, and go back to his house. I was angry, because I was raised with the idea of never trespassing into someone's yard like that without permission. 

I confronted the boy and he said he was sorry but you could tell he really didn't mean it. So I went and talked to his father, and I didn't get anywhere there, he didn't seem to take me seriously at all and he told me that I was overreacting. I felt like he was invalidating my feelings and I snapped and told him that he better not let his kids trespass in my yard again otherwise I would call the police, and he called me an asshole (so he escalated into name calling first) and shut the door in my face. 

I'm pissed off. My husband hasn't said much but he's promised to install security cameras. I want to know your options based on the reasons above.I (f32) have a daughter (f6), Kylie, with my fiance (m39), William. He also has a daughter who is 16, Lea. Will is black, and his ex is completely black. So, while Kylie is mixed, Lea is fully black. Lea dislikes me because she believes I ruined her parents' marriage (his ex cheated, we didn't do anything until they were separated).

Our wedding is on the day of his ex's birthday. It is also the day that Will is supposed to have Lea. Lea wants to skip the wedding in favor of her mother's birthday vacation. I told her her mom's birthday comes every year and that our wedding will only happen once and that one day she will regret missing her dad's happiest day. She threw me out of her room and told me that my wedding meant nothing to her and that I was a white trash homewrecker (her family is very wealthy, and I was struggling—Will bought me an apartment while they were still married, but nothing happened until after they were over).

My fiance and I decided to "force" her to go to the wedding. We got her a car for Christmas. We decided to change it from a Christmas gift to a birthday gift since her birthday is after the wedding. If she decides to go to the wedding, she will get the gift. If she doesn't, we will keep it for ourselves.

When we let her know, she called me a vindictive bitch and said she would rather walk barefoot every day than go to my wedding in "some stupid car." I feel guilty, but Lea has been such a problem child since me and her father started dating. She's extremely talented at cooking but refuses to help me cook the food. She accused my brother of doing something so vile that it makes me sick to think about it (It was not S/A), and she constantly leaves the house to go to her boyfriend's or back to her mother's house.

AITA?My wife got a new tattoo today while I was at work. She told me she was getting a small Harry Potter one but she wasn't quite sure where yet. While not a big fan of it I told her to go ahead and do whatever made her happy. Well when I got home she showed me a little heart tattoo that she got on her wrist. I thought that was cute but I was a bit confused as to why she changed her mind as I thought we had a veto rule for tattoos, seeing as we may have to see these things the rest of our lives. After that she says "Wait... There's more." She lifts her shirt and shows me a poorly drawn vertical line style flower tattoo with a script below that, that has some lyrics from our wedding song. The first thing out of my mouth was, " honey, that looks terrible." I know it was a bad thing to say but, I have very strong opinions, especially when it comes to tattoos and she knows this. I think the idea of this tattoo is incredibly sweet and I love that she is willing to put a memory of our wedding on her body permanently, but why would she not consult me about this first??? I would have gladly paid 3X the price for her to get a beautifully done tattoo.My nephew said I should post here and that you folks could help "set me straight." 

I own a pizza joint in a Midwestern city. I don't give out personal details online so that's as much as I'll say. Before everyone went crazy about covid, my store sold a 16" square pie, special grandma style. Now with the economy in shambles and everyone still freaking out about covid, inflation is through the roof and I have to either raise prices or cut back on sizes to keep my business going. That means I've had to modify the 16" square recipe to a 16 x 10 rectangle. It's a 30% savings that just offsets my losses from inflation. 

Well now my business is being harassed by people angry about the inflation but they're taking it out on me, not the politicians responsible. I've had people order the 16 x 10 square and then charge me back through GrubHub, DoorDash, and all the other leech delivery services claiming I "lied" about the pizza because it's notliterally a square. I try to explain to these mopes that square is just a style and doesn't have to be literally a square from math class but I get charged back every damn time. 

Am I the asshole here? My nephew says I should think about it and ask you folks and you'd set me right. So have at it. Am interested asshole for doing what's necessary to protect my business?[removed][removed]I’ve put away at least a little bit of money from every paycheck since I was a kid. I used most of it (77k) to pay off all my parents bills that they were committed to make monthly payments towards. Which included there mortgage and my mom’s car.


Just to help them out. Because my father got in a pretty serious accident, and he might not be able to go back to work. At least not anytime soon. And My mom doesn’t work. So someone had to do it. I figured it was my responsibility. 


My wife said I didn’t owe them anything. And that they hadn’t asked for help, so it didn’t make sense to help them. But my dad would never accept outside help. He’d rather skate by on social security then do that. It’s like if someone who can’t swim jumped into the pool. And you see them start to sink. Are you gonna wait for them to ask you before it’s to late?


My wife originally said, “fine”. But I guess she didn’t mean it cause now she’s saying that I did the wrong thing.


Basically every penny I gave my mom was made while my parents were letting me live with them. Over 80% of it was made then.


We opened a savings/retirement account 13 years ago together, when we got married, and have been putting money in there since. This was not from thatI'm 31m and my ex wife is 29f. Hands down the best woman I have ever met in my life. She has such a pure heart and she is filled with nothing but good. It's been a cold and miserable 2 years without her and Lord knows I miss her so much. 

In 2018 my brother was wrongfully convicted and sentenced to 26 years in prison. His wife filed for divorce and terminated his parental rights within the first month. He lost everything. This absolutely destroyed me mentally. He protected me as a child and all the way through our teens while in foster care and I felt like I had to protect him the same way. I spent thousands on lawyers. Checked myself in to therapy. Tried getting on meds for my depression that was severe. I barely spoke. I shut my wife out. I tried so hard to fake being happy and I couldnt. She knew me well enough too so she knew. And I watched it slowly destroy her. One night I heard her just crying. Like sobbing, hyperventilating and it fucking killed me and I just knew I couldnt do that to her anymore. I told her she deserved better and walked. She refused to sign divorce papers. Said "You're gonna get better and you're gonna come back to me where you belong." But we havent spoken since March 2021. I saw her at the grocery and it felt like I lost her all over again when she stopped hugging me.

Now by some miracle all evidence was reviewed 4 months ago and they found my brother innocent of all charges last week. I picked him up 3 days ago from prison. One of the best fucking days of my life. So my mom texts me an address and tells me to bring my brother there. When we arrive to this cabin mom hands  my brother the keys and says "Mel built this for you". Mel is my wife. Apparently she started the project a year and a half ago, after our separation. She left a note to me saying "I knew you could do it, Love M". My brother starts saying he wants to bring her out on a date to thank her and I just lost it a little. Told him I was not comfortable with that. He argued that I let her go and had no right to be a possessive AH. Ma says that Mel dropped the keys and the note off the morning I picked up my brother. AITA?

ETA: My wife and my brother had no contact while he was in prison. She told my mother she did this for me. I'm not saying Mel cannot go out and date whomever. I would never. It's my brother that I have a problem with. Hes made passes at her multiple times when I first starting dating Mel. She was never comfortable with his advances. And the first thing he wants to do after getting out of prison is date my wife? He hasnt even asked about his kids. That's why I have a problem.
I f30 work an office job but like any other job it can be demanding and we work either individually or in groups and it depends but I think we have a pretty good work envirnment.



Anyways, so, I have a co worker "Helen" she's 5 months pregnant and recently I noticed she's been doing things like arriving to work late and leaving early and or skipping projects. Her excuses were that she had to do a visit to the drs and whatnot. It's pretty clear our employers have no issue with accepting any excuse she gives to leave work.

I was having a small chat with Helen before she was about to leave in the middle of work after she told our employer she had to visit the dr. and I casually said "wow so you're really milking it, aren't you" as in it's clear she's taking advantage of her situation and getting our employer to agree with her requests. She just looked at me in disgusted look and walked out with no reply. My co workers are divided on this. Jason agreed with me while my other female co worker said I've never been pregnant clearly have no idea what it's like so I should mind my own business. I had an argument with her asking her if she's happy volunteering her time for more work and she called me rude and disrespectful towards Helen who's clearly struggling with her pregnancy basically shaming me for what I said.[deleted]I (36F) have two biological kids, A (14M), B (10M), and two step-kids, C (16F) and D (16M).

A and C doesn't get along at all, they're always fighting, A is constantly jealous of C because, as twins, she and D spends almost every time they can together and A admires D very much. My step-son tries to be with him as much as he can but, it's obvious that D enjoys his time with his sister way more. For some important background, when my ex-husband and I divorced he kept visiting A and B for at least 4 years until his new wife got pregnant and they had a girl, I've took A to therapy and apparently he saw this as his dad abandoning him for his sister (which, to be fair, happened. He doesn't see them anymore) and his rejection for C might come for that.

A doesn't understand why D prefers C over him and B and every attempt to get him around C is futile, even C herself has tried it before, he also refuses to be too close to my husband because ''he might leave'' and only likes to be with D.

A few days ago C and D were playing with C's switch until she and my husband left to buy food, A asked D if they could play together in the meantime and he said yes, time went by, my husband and daughter came back and we ate, then when we finished C wanted to play with D again and A told her that they're playing. C said that they're playing first and they only stopped because she went to buy food, A told her no but my husband said that C and D were playing first, long story short, A broke C's switch and made her cry. I was so embarrassed, I promised C a new switch and kept apologizing. I also grounded him and he's in charge of cleaning after the pets, the kitchen and the bathroom for a week.

Then, this morning C ran over the front wheel of my son's bike while moving the car to clean it, she came in and told us but, giving what happened days before I didn't believed that she didn't do it on purpose, my husband said that he'll buy my son another bike but I told him no because it wasn't possible that C didn't saw it and she told me that it was on the other side of the car and she didn't check but I don't believe her. I said that, giving her malice intention she had to get a job and pay for the bike herself, she went to her room crying and my husband and I had an argument but I don't think I'm in the wrong, my son can't get a job due his age but he was punished in other forms, I think is only fair the same happens to C but neither my husband or D thinks she ran over the bike on purpose.

EDIT: I'm sorry, I won't keep reading about how awful my son is, he's being treated and I'm doing the best I can to foment a relationship between him and his sister, please stop commenting this post. My gf(26) has really long curly hair. It's very pretty but she only washes it once a week. She still showers everyday but only washes her hair on Sundays. I(29m) think this is very gross. It doesn't start to look greasy until the last 2 days and by this time she puts it up when we're out in public so you can't tell, but she wears it down when we're home and I don't like the look of it. I've always had a problem with germs and the look of her oily scalp makes me uncomfortable. The only time she will wash it before the 7th day when we have something to do on Friday or Saturday but other then that she waits until Sunday.

The other day I told her I didn't like that she doesn't wash her hair more and that it looks gross. She got offended and told me I didn't deserve an opinion on her hair because I don't have any.(I went completely bald a year ago and she knows I'm insecure abt it so this was a low blow). Is this normal for girls not to wash their hair? AITA? I didn't think it was an unreasonable request.

Edit: okay maybe I was a bit ignorant. Every other girl I dated has not had curly hair and I wasn't aware they were that different. We have only been together for 6 months so I'm still learning stuff about her. Also I didn't tell her it was gross to be mean. I was worried she didn't realize other people might think the same as I did and I wanted to voice my concerns. Sorry.

Final Edit: I apologized to my gf and told her I was very sorry and very very wrong, as people have made very clear here on this post. She accepted my apology and I asked her to explain her hair care process. She said that technically she could wash every 5 or 6 days, but that by washing it on Sunday it times it better so she can have fresh hair all week and she prefers to have a protective layer of "oils". She explained that it takes her close to 3 hours to do her routine, more if she lets it air dry and this is why if she doesn't have to do anything on Friday or Saturday she waits for Sunday. I did ask if she had ever used dry shampoo(as some of you suggested) and she says she doesn't use it because getting the product out on wash day takes longer. 

She has 2C-3A hair and no she is not a woc(since some of you asked). We also do not live together, but she does stay over very often which is why I haven't actually seen her wash her hair. I just assumed it was an hour at most.So last year my best friend lost her job. Around the same time a position in my husband’s company (he owns the company) became available and she applied for it without telling us. She ended up getting the job and I was happy for her because it was the type of role she had always wanted. My husband was less happy when he found out but since she wasn’t directly working with him, he agreed to not get involved.

Yesterday he told me she was going to be fired. At first, he wouldn’t tell me why but later told me it was because she was telling the co-workers in her department that she would get them the better projects because she was friends with me and that she kept telling her manager that she was my friend whenever she got reprimanded in a threatening way. He told me it wouldn’t happen immediately, but it would be soon.

I told him I needed to warn her so she can quit/find a new job before she gets fired but he told me not to. He told me she needed to face the consequences of her actions and I shouldn’t get involved, that he had only told me as a courtesy because she probably won’t take it well.

I still want to tell her. I’ve known her since I was 5 and we’re very close. If the situation was reversed, I think she would tell me, but I know it will cause problems with my husband. WIBTA if I warned her?[removed]I (23M) met my girlfriend (22M) three years ago and we started dating a few months afterward and lived together from mid-2018 until the end of 2019 when she got a job opportunity across the country (York to Oxford) and decided to take it. Since then, we've been long-distance and have communicated by texting and calling, and sometimes sending each other letters or gifts.

About a month ago, my girlfriend told me that she would be sending me a gift and that it was special compared to other gifts we'd sent to each other so I was excited to open it, but she told me that she only wanted me to open it if I was alone. When the package arrived, I happened to have two friends of mine over, but I knew they weren't judgemental and I was so excited to open the package that I just did while they were watching.

At first, it seemed like basic stuff she would send, but then I saw a few pieces of paper folded up and when I opened them, they were some sexy photos she'd taken for me. I tried to hide the photos from my friends when I realised what they were but it was too late and they'd already seen them.

Last night, I received a call from my girlfriend and she was mad at me and shouting at me. I asked her what was wrong and she told me that one of my friends had drunkenly mentioned seeing the photos and told her. She told me that she was so embarrassed and that she only took those photos because she thought I'd be the only one to see them and told me I'd broken her trust by opening my gift in front of friends. I told her that she didn't tell me there was anything of that sort in there and that I'd probably have stuck the photos up on my wall anyway and that my friends would have seen them in that way. She started crying and rejected my efforts to comfort her and then hung up on me.

Today when I texted her, she didn't seem as chirpy and flirty as she usually does and I feel so bad. I'm trying my best to fix things but I'm also still confused on why she was so mad at me when I didn't even know about the photos. I understand where I would have gone wrong but it doesn't make sense to me with the context of the situation. Am I the asshole?
“Katie” and I were friends for 5 years. Being chronically ill, she often flaked on plans when her sickness was bad. I was always understanding about that, but it wasn’t the only time she would flake. 

She would also flake oftentimes because her anxiety was too much or because she just didn’t feel like it anymore. All last minute.  If the flakes were for group things, I would have to be the one to break the news because she didn’t bother to tell anyone else. 

I always tried to be understanding since something or the other would always be going on with Katie and I didn’t want to pile onto her existing stress. But eventually enough was enough and I tried to talk to her about how I felt. It didn’t go well, even though I tried to be calm and do it in private. 

She blew up at me and told me she had more pressing issues to worry about than missing a bunch of stupid get togethers I plan all the time and wouldn’t hear me out the one time I decided to say something after 5 years of being understanding. 

That was a while back. Present day, I get a call from someone who says Katie put me down as a job reference (we met at an old job and used to do this for each other). I didn’t want to exactly take the high road since I was and am still hurt but I also didn’t want to lie or sabotage. 

I said something along the lines of “I’m sure the quality of her work is impressive and she does all her work well and on time, but she is prone to missing hours due to her health and would often have to leave work mid day due to personal issues.” This wasn’t untrue. There was a pattern of it when we worked together and she would even tell me when she would do it at jobs thereafter.

Nobody ever followed up afterwards but my partner, despite not being happy with Katie’s behavior, says that this could have been the job that changed everything for her and I could have at least just left it at “she did good work when we worked together”.

I thought I was just being truthful but now I’m wondering if it was an AH move to say what I did.Hi everyone. I'll be using a throwaway here.

So I (23F) am getting married to my fiance (23M), who I met in college. Most of his immediate and extended family will be there, as well most of my extended. However, I am only planning on inviting my younger (19F) sister to the wedding. This means that my mum (45), dad (47) and brother (25) will not be coming.

The reason for this is when I was younger (around 9) my parents rescued a Golden Retriever puppy from the shelter, named Harry. My family quickly fell in love with Harry, however, I feel as though my bond with him was extra special. This changed when my older brother began complaining about allergies, which we later found out was due to Harry. My parents told us that we'd have to rehome Harry, but assured us that he'd be going to a good home. I tried to convince them to give my brother medication for his allergy, but they told me that medication for dog allergies can have long lasting side effects. Harry did go to a good home, but to say that I resented them for it would be an understatement, which was part of the reason for me going to college in the US (I am from the UK originally).

Needless to say, my family didn't take the news lightly. When they asked me why, I explained to them that I hadn't forgiven them for rehoming Harry, and that their presence would make things awkward for me. My parents are apparently really upset about this according to my older brother, who called me "evil" for doing what I'm doing, since my parents paid for my college tuition, as well as helping me pay the rent for my current apartment. My fiance says that it's up to me, and that if I don't want my family at my wedding, then he isn't going to disagree with me.

AITA here?

EDIT: People keep mentioning the fact that my parents are paying my rent for me. The rent they pay is only $1500 towards my $3000 a month rent (I live in LA).

EDIT #2: To the people saying $3000 rent is extortionate, clearly you don't live in Los Angeles lol.

EDIT #3: People here do realise that my parents are only sending £1100 a month due to the exchange rate right?

EDIT #4: Well this blew up. Not entirely sure why I'm getting threatening chat requests, but that's the internet for you, I guess.[deleted][removed]I (35f) have a daughter who is almost 14. She recently got a boyfriend.

She was assigned homework last Thursday to do over Labor Day weekend. I let her take Friday as a rest day after school, but told her she needed to complete her work by Sunday. She agreed.

Saturday I reminded her about her homework. She said it wasn’t due until Wednesday (today), and that she would get it done.

Sunday she worked on it but didn’t make much progress. She never asked for help, which she always does when she needs assistance, and never mentioned having an issue with the assignment. 

I reminder her again on Monday and she said she was “working on it.”

Tuesday night rolls around (last night) and she scrambling to get it all done 30 minutes before bed. I had to be up at 4am for work and told her that I would not be letting her stay up later to finish it, as she had 4 days to get it done.

She was pissed and crying and said that I obviously wanted her to fail. I told her that wasn’t true, but that her actions have consequences and can impact everyone else when she doesn’t hold herself accountable. She spent all weekend texting her boyfriend instead of doing her homework.

I wasn’t able to sleep last night, so I thought I’d get your opinion.

AITA?

EDIT: I woke her up at 4:30 this morning to work on it. If she still does not get it finished, then she will have to explain that to her teachers.I'll try to keep this short, I'm 22 years old and have extensive trauma that does not allow me to have my back turned to anyone in a public area. If so, I start shaking, crying, and having full blown panic attacks. I would also like to add that I have a service dog. Well on the particular bus I take, the disabled seating is perfect because it's in the back and is facing towards everyone. On this day, the bus was pretty crowded so all the seats were taken. I could feel myself getting pretty anxious already, so I decided to approach a man in the disabled seat that didn't look visibly disabled. 

I asked him if I could have the seat as I could feel my anxiety getting worse. He said I didn't look disabled and explained that he has a really bad knee and another medical condition that I can't exactly name. But it didn't allow him to stand for long periods of time. He pulled out a cane that I hadn't seen previously before. I pointed to my service dog, telling him that although I didn't have a physical disability, I was very much considered disabled. I told him that the ride was only about 5  minutes long and I would appreciate if I could just sit for the meantime so I wouldn't have a panic attack and disturb the other passengers.

He shook his head, saying he needed the seat more regardless, and that I was just being a big baby. The woman next to me chimed in to say that since I could stand I would be fine and asking him was rude of me. I hadn't meant to be rude, but ultimately I did end up having an attack because of the stress of the situation. To say the least it was embarrassing, as people were staring. Before I got off, I explained to the man that the disabled seating was for people of all disabilities and I wished he had just been kind enough to let me have the seat for a few minutes.

As I think about it though I'm not entirely sure I was right in this situation. AITA?

Edit: I thought I added this but I guess not. But we did apologize to each other after I talked to him before I got off. Neither of us meant to be rude, its just hard navigating life with a disability, and we both understand that.

Edit: Thank you for everyone whose been understanding and given me helpful criticism. I will no longer be responding to comments.[removed]

Days ago I (M22) was doing laundry (I was rushing to go to work) which had all my girlfriend's (F23) laundry and leaving it for a longer period because I was talking to a friend on facetime. All her clothes were fine except for her $250 dress. The zipper got stuck the fabric got snagged and the straps were torn. My girlfriend freaked out even though I said it was an accident. She said that this dress that I just ruined was relatively new and cost her $250. I apologized but she demanded I pay for it since I should've known this type of dress does not fit in the washing machine and also making a mistake by overloading the machine because I was clearly in a hurry. I apologized again but refused to pay for a new dress because it didn't seem fair that on top of doing her laundry I was required to replace whatever gets damaged knowing that it's not my fault since I wanted to get this chore done like she wanted me to. She said it was my responsibility that the dress was damaged and I needed to pay for a new one but I said no even though I have money I just felt like I shouldn't be held responsible just because I was in charge of doing laundry. I asked her if she would be willing to replace any dish she breaks while doing the dishes and she got offended and said it was all because of me being reckless and not doing laundry properly. She stopped talking me til this gets resolved and pay for the dress she worked so hard to save for and purchase.

amita for refusing to pay?Sorry changing some stuff for anonymity.

Hello, 22F currently living with other roommates, but one of my roommates (29M) is technically the landlord because he owns the property and rents out his 2 spare beds. I've been living here for about 3 months and I think he's been dating his gf for a bit longer, last time I talked to my room-lord he mentioned her and his past roommates so I assume she was there then.

I have an issue with the amount of time his girlfriend spends at our place. For the most part, she hangs out in his room with him or eats dinner with him, but I've been feeling like I can't even feel like it's my home without seeing her. She uses our common spaces, but this became a real issue when I started seeing her using his work station last summer. She worked from home while he ran errands for a few hours, so I would wake up and see her in our living room doing work without him, and I would feel like I can't even be at home. 

Here's where I've been told I'm an asshole. I recently called a roommate meeting with my landlord, and we were the only ones who attended. My other 2 roommates were not there. But basically, I told my landlord that we were all uncomfortable with how often his girlfriend is there, and told him it felt unfair that she was using our spaces. I guess he talked to her because she hasn't been over in a bit. My other roommate, who I would consider a friend because we share a double room, commented on her disappearance and I told her that I worked it out. She then got upset that I lied and said she was uncomfortable when she wasn't. She also said it wasn't our place since it wasn't really our house. I said she was using our resources, but then my RM pointed out that our rent doesn't include utilities. I still feel like I had a right to ask for my privacy though, even though she wasn't using my paid-for utilities. My other other roommate also said I shouldn't have spoken for them. 

Edit: I also feel like my roommates are now upset at me for speaking up about how I feel. They both said they actually liked her and talked to her so they didn't mind her there. I guess I felt annoyed and intruded because we didn't talk the same way. I feel isolated because I moved to a new place and was looking to make friends with my roommates.

Tldr; I told my roommate that all of the roommates didn't like when his girlfriend was over, and my roommates disagreed.

Edit: Okay I'm the asshole. How would you suggest I talk to my landlord about his girlfriend? I feel like I still need to set boundaries. I'll apologize to my roommates.

Edit: I still feel like I can't use the common spaces that I'm "generously allowed" to use... if I don't set boundaries, I can't live in peace. I only want to live with these three roommates, and it's really strange and sudden to ask me to accommodate her. If I don't call it boundaries, idk what to call it.[removed]I 33M had a kid in high school with my high school sweetheart. We didnt stay together but we coparent our son "Mike" pretty well. He is now 16 and starting his junior year of high school. There's no official custody child support agreement but we do every other week, her house or mine. My ex just got married and is moving in with her husband soon. He seems like a good guy and he has twin 8 year old boys.

Apparently Mike isn't a book fan of his soon to be stepdad and thinks the twins are annoying. He told me when they move he'd rather just live with me full time and he said he told his mom and she was upset but would let him make his own decision. The thing is I actually enjoy this every other week thing a lot. I love having my own place half the time. I have a GF who is here probably 70% of the time Mike is at his mom's but not too much when he's here just to give him more room. I also have some friend's over semi regularly on the weekends that Mike isn't here. This setup works for me.

I told Mike I didn't think it was a good idea and he should try and build a relationship with his new stepfamily. He said he's going to college in 2 years so he just has no desire for that. I really don't want to mess with the current "custody" situation but then part of me feels like Im being a crappy dad for that.

&#x200B;

Edit: for those asking, the stepdad isn't abusive or anything and they don't even fight. He's just a super talkative guy and Mike thinks he's annoying and doesn't want to give living with him a shot. If he did it for 6 months and still hated it, Id let him move in full time if his mom approved it. As of now she was very sad about the request. She is a great mother.

Did not expect things to blow up so much overnight. I was giving my personal reasons to make this as honest as I can be. That doesn't mean I dont care about other things such as his mom's relationship with him and him learning to adapt to change. His mother and I are going to discuss this more before I talk to Mike more about it. Im thinking of something like at least 6 months trying it out with our current arrangement. And while he's at my place half the time living more like I do when he's not here so he can see how it would be if he were here full time. I had a call with my SO last night and she said she will start coming over more when Mike is here as we may get married in the next year or so and I want him to realize things wouldnt be just like the weeks he's here if he were to live with me full time. For Thanksgiving my family (2 adults, 3 kids) drove a long distance (6+ hours) to celebrate with my sister and her family.  We had dinner on arrival (take out), Thanksgiving, then a planned brunch the next day all at her house. Saturday morning we show up thinking we were having a quick breakfast before she has her friends over for a 2nd brunch (done separately due to covid).  

We arrive and her husband greets us.  I am excited to spend a bit more time together, get some drinks for the road and drive home.  Her husband then tells me that he will not be feeding us any food.  I am a bit confused, and he tells me that I misunderstood, they thought I was coming by to just say goodbye, and that they aren't feeding us.  I have three hungry kids who haven't eaten, and we checked out of our hotel walking past the free breakfast we'd eaten the other mornings.

I ask him directly what I'm supposed to do about the kids and he says there are lots of places for me to go to get food.  I literally ask if my kids can have an orange, and he says again he is not feeding us.  So I tell my kids we are leaving, and we will wait outside for their Dad to get back with the car.  I just walk out, don't say goodbye to any of them (including her two kids).  We literally sit on their curb for 10minutes waiting for the car.

I didnt see my sister during this time at all.  My sister texts while I'm outside (phone is in car, so I don't see it until we are driving away), saying she's sorry for the misunderstanding.   I call her as we are driving away and ask her if she has any suggestions for us since her husband refused to feed my kids.  She tells me it's not her "job" to feed my kids.  That I'm completely rude and unreasonable. That there is a McDonalds around the corner.  I tell her I need to get off the phone and hang up.  

I'm absolutely dumbfounded that her husband would decide to turn out three kids without so much as an orange and toast. And that she would support that decision and then call me rude to think that they would feed at least my kids.

The misunderstanding came from a phone call the night before. We took the afternoon to visit some other friends and thought we would be back for dinner with her that (soup and leftovers).  I was super sad, so I called and we discussed us coming by in the morning. I knew she had guests coming at 10:30am, and told her we would leave by 10am.  I guess she thought we would swing by at 10am... we got there at around 9am without having eaten anything.  It's clear that there was a misunderstanding, but I can't figure out how the misunderstanding leads to them turning out three kids from their home like that.  And how my leaving the situation makes me an asshole.

So...AITA for showing up and asking for her to feed my three kids when they don't think that's the plan?[removed]This Halloween I thought I would buy candy for the holiday. I don't ever have candy but this year I decided to do it. I gave candy to the kids and even the teens watching them if they were in costume.

There was one lady and her infant that I refused because it's obvious the candy would be for the mom. The baby obviously can't understand anything nor can he handle solids. I don't want to give free candy to a grown woman. That might make me the asshole with just that.

I don't know my neighbors but apparently she is on my street and she's very upset. I told some friends and they think I was being an ass. I'm told that it's normal for parents to bring their babies and considering I have a lot of candy left over it shouldn't be a big deal.

If this is true then my morals don't match with this holiday. I thought the point was giving kids free candy and seeing cute costumes.

&#x200B;

Update- 

Alright, reddit thinks this was an ass move. This was my first Halloween giving out candy so I had expectations of what I wanted Halloween to be. I participated in Halloween for selfish reasons so I'm not surprised I didn't plan for this. It was a gut reaction to what I believed was an odd situation. The baby was young (max 2months) and in a normal Disney onesie so not really a costume. I'm not meant to understand everything so I'll consider this a cultural thing. The night went great other than this situation. Days have passed and I heard nothing from other neighbors or the mother so that's how it ends.  Can't wait for next year! 😊 🎃[removed][removed][removed]So I live with my flatmate quite far away from my parents and brother, so I just visit them for special occasions. 

It was my brother's birthday (now 17m) 2 weeks ago, and they were going on a small trip. I'd given them money to pitch in on an Airbnb, as well as pitched in a  on my brother's gift, and I'd rearranged my schedule to be able to go on the trip. 

All of that only for my brother to tell me he doesn't want me to come. He's upset about some “misandrist” posts I've made or things I've said. Obviously I was upset, and my parents (my mom and stepdad, but I consider him my dad) said it was his birthday trip and I shouldn't be there if I'm going to upset. They said they would just pay me back. 

Yesterday was my mom's wedding and I didn't go. She was really sad and very upset with me. I didn't go because I think it was wrong for my mom and stepdad to defend my brother and blame me. Especially after I spent my money, and completely rearranged my schedule, canceling on friends and obligations. AITA?My MIL is a strange woman. She is pretty mean and she seems incapable of doing most normal things, such as taking on a matriarch role, being a grandmother, inviting her new DIL into the family, etc.   
That being said she is somewhat aware that this isn't normal and she feels guilty and tries to make up for it with extravagant gifts.

I am pregnant. MIL could not be less interested. she also didn't invite us to Christmas, has plans to be out of the country when I am due, and hasn't seen her son in person in maybe 9-10 months for no real reason. MIL did mention that she would buy us everything for the nursery for Christmas. I was in shock. She bought us thousands worth of baby furniture. To be clear I don't feel that we are taking advantage of her. She has admitted that she feels bad that we don't get along and that she isn't interested in trying. She even said once the only thing she can give her son is money, so please just take it.

Well my mom saw MILs boyfriend on Christmas at about 10pm at a CVS and began harassing him and demanding to know if he left MIL (because CVS is totally the place a newly single man would go /s) MILs boyfriend can be kind of ridiculous and started cussing my mom out. my mom and her friend followed him through CVS and continued to ask him about MIL and say demeaning stuff about how he must just want sex because she has nothing else to offer. He kind of has anger issues and began cussing them, calling them fat bitches, saying really below the belt stuff. My mom videocalled me crying and I was tired and confused and told him to apologize. I didn't really get what was going on, but I don't like how him and MIL always bring up people's bodies, so I just said to say sorry and move on.

MIL was pissed and called my husband and called me ungrateful. My husband said we didn't fully get how bad the situation was and my mom was out of line. my husband did say that MIL's boyfriend has some issues he needs to work through and he can't act like that. This isn't the first time he has come to her defense by going nuclear. MIL called him an asshole and returned all of the gifts.

I called my mom in tears and said she did this. She has been told so many times to leave this man alone and she is the reason MIL went back on her promise. My mom said she was sorry and she has issues with peer pressure and going along with her friends. I said sorry doesn't do shit and if she really wants to make it right she needs to replace everything MIL returned.I (19f) rent a 4 bedroom house with 3 other girls, Alexa (26f), Taylor (23f) and Lauren (18f). 

Alexa has a little sister, Ana (9). Ana’s mom drops her off to stay with Alexa at least 2 nights a week. Alexa’s room is in the basement and she basically has a separate apartment, so we don’t see her or Ana much when she visits. 

I will admit that Alexa pays more rent for the basement apartment and pays extra utilities because the kid is here so often and she doesn’t have us babysit, except for Lauren but Lauren likes kids and gets paid. 

The problem is, I didn’t sign up to live with a kid. If I would’ve known there was a kid here all the time, I wouldn’t have chosen to live here. 

I talked to Alexa yesterday and I asked her to not have her sister over so often because none of us signed up to live with a 9 year old. 

She said ana is very well behaved and that she keeps ana in her space so we don’t have to be around her. 
 
I told her I know she keeps ana away from us but I still don’t want to live with a kid.

She asked me to drop this and said that Ana’s dad (they have different dads) is out of the picture and their mom is neglectful. 

I said I feel bad for her but that’s still not my problem. 

She and Lauren are mad at me and Taylor said I’m the only one that has a problem with the kid being here. 

AITA for asking my roommate to not have her sister over so often?

Edit: ana is almost never here only 2 days a week. I said at least 2 days, meaning she’s never here less than 2 days a week. She’s usually here between 3-4 days during the school year and she can be here weeks at a time during the summer.

Also, to those of you saying I’m expecting Alexa to parent me, Lauren is 100 times worse than me. Alexa makes dinner for everyone most nights. She also makes Lauren breakfast and packs her lunch. She also drives Lauren to school and works with her on her homework most nights. She also lets Lauren complain to her about me and occasionally Taylor and has her talk to us for her if somethings bothering her because she’s too scared to do it herself.I (19f) live with 3 other girls (19-20) in an apartment on campus. Since it’s an apartment on campus it’s a 2 bedroom with 4 people so everyone shares a room. I share a room with B, C and D share a room. Between me and D we furnished the whole apartment. 

I want to acknowledge that I am the bitchy roommate, I call everyone out on money, food, and cleaning. I’m a full time college student and I work 40 hours a week on top of that, but I’m also the one that does the most chores. Since I am the only one with a job, my roommates expect me to buy everything for the place (toilet paper, garbage bags, ect) and they get mad that I ask them to pay me their share of.

I really enjoy cooking and it’s a huge stress relief for me. For the first month of the semester we did group groceries and group meals, it was cheaper and we would be getting better meals. I figured out We could get 2 weeks worth of meals for around $30 - $40 each every 2 weeks. I make the grocery list and cook the meals. After about a month B and C said they don’t want to do group groceries anymore because it’s too expensive. I now cook meals for me and D, we shop together and split the cost 50/50. I’m cooking food for me and D still, B and C expect me to make them food. I told them they didn’t pay for food so Im not making them any. So now they go out to eat and get take out every night, then complain that they don’t have any money. 

B has a boyfriend, he comes over and spends the night too. I share a room with B, i’ve asked to let me know before he comes over. She did for a month, now she tells no one. He comes over and takes naps in her bed when she’s not in the room and I’m trying to do homework. I’ve asked not have him spend the night if I am intoxicated due to trauma. I woke up after drinking and he was in the room asleep without her. So I did not fall back asleep and was not happy. He comes over all the time now and she doesn’t let us know, I’ll jump in the shower in the morning when I walk back to my room in just a towel he’ll be sitting on her bed while I try to get dressed.

I am in therapy, and because of the pandemic it’s virtual. So I do it from my own room. I can’t help it if there’s people home, but I’ve recently figured out that they’ve been listening to my therapy sessions. I’ll talk about things in that session that I don’t talk about with anyone else, somehow C and B will bring it up later that night if it’s something about the apartment and them. 

When I move out they will have absolutely nothing in the apartment, no pots or pans, couch, a coffee table, a TV, a TV stand, all decorations, ect. I already canceled my housing contract for next semester, it isn’t going to be worth $2,000 for me. So I left for 2 weeks, packed up most of my stuff and left with it, I only told D that I was leaving for 2 weeks. So B and C have no idea where I am or most of my stuff and honestly I’m fine with it. 

Am I the asshole?

Edit: I have told D that I am not coming back for the 2nd semester. Everything that she paid for / brought is hers, I’m leaving her stuff alone and that includes some of the stuff that we split the cost on. B and C have since decided to give me the silent treatment and have not talked to me for a week. I have my big furniture pieces and everything in the kitchen left there for me to grab over thanksgiving break when no one is there. Otherwise, I have nothing else still there. I have talked to D about moving out and getting a place with me and she isn’t interested with moving into a house this year since she is from out of state. 

The apartment is through college housing, there is no rent to worry about for them to pay. A new random person will be placed into the apartment. The cost of living for them will not change.Throwaway account; cousin in question uses Reddit.

My cousin (17M) is a senior in high school and he just started the college application process. I (20M) only see him during the holidays, so we're not particularly close. When I was in the middle of a very nasty problem set, he texted me asking for advice on preparing his Harvard application. I think he wanted to ask for my advice in particular because I'm currently attending an Ivy. I asked him for his GPA, class rank, and extracurricular activities. He said that his GPA was 3.65, his class rank was 125/491, and he doesn't do anything after school besides play Valorant and League. I tried dissuading him by saying that Ivies routinely reject people with perfect GPAs. He didn't get the hint and asked me if I could take a look at his first draft. I was already in a not-so-great mood after being interrupted, so I straight up told him "Look, when I was a freshman, my roommate was an International Mathematics Olympiad medalist, and the guy across the hall was ranked #6 nationally in his sport. That's the caliber of people you're competing with. So don't bother applying to Harvard, they're gonna take one look at your application and throw it on the 'reject' pile." I then turned my phone off and went back to my problem set.

Well, I woke up to a barrage of texts from my aunt and uncle. They said my response was beyond rude and made my cousin extremely upset, as he has been dreaming about attending Harvard for the past 5 years. I told my aunt and uncle that it was about time someone gave him a reality check.My (24f) boyfriend of over two years (27m) owns a newer, full-sized truck. I think he sinks way too much of his income into it and should probably just drive a regular car since he just drives it back and forth to work and to do errands, but he loves it and it's his baby.

My older brother (31m) and his wife (31f)  recently bought a house and are moving out of their apartment. I was at my parent's house with the two of them when they announced it to us. When I asked them when they were moving and they told me I told them "Well, hey \[my boyfriend\] has his truck which I'm sure will come in handy. I'll have to ask him, but I'm sure he wouldn't mind you using it and helping you out." They told me that this would be great.

When I told my boyfriend about it, though, to say that he started grumbling would be an understatement. He started going on about how he didn't want to give up his Saturday to help my brother and his wife move, and how he didn't want to put that wear and tear on his truck. He said that people moving stuff in and out of his truck bed was likely to put scratches on it and how I shouldn't have volunteered him and his truck without talking to me first.

I told him that I told \*them\* that I'd have to ask him first, and that it was ultimately up to him. He responded that there was no way for him to say "no" to it without looking like an asshole to my family, so I pretty much made it so that he had no real choice.

I think he's being kind of a baby, honestly, and should just be happy to help. My brother actually helped my boyfriend get his current job, so my boyfriend kind of owes him one. But maybe I was a little presumptuous? What do you think?I went on like 4 dates with this girl and things were going good, I liked her and she was pretty cute. On date 5 we went to a restaurant and when we got out we saw her tire had gone flat. A restaurant employee had a mobile pump so I pumped it up and we drove it for a few minutes back to my place (I walked there) and it was flat again so the tire needed to be changed. I knew roughly how to do it so I told her to check YouTube for instructions since the tools were already in her trunk. She watched the video and still said she had do idea how to do it and asked me to do it. I work night shifts and had to leave immediately at that point and told her I didn’t have enough time and neither one of us had AMA. I had to leave at that point and she said she would try but seemed pissed and when I came back both the her and the car are gone but now it’s been 2 days and many unanswered texts. AITA?[removed]My fiancé "Jake" loves everything about Christmas and wintertime. We have talked a lot about marriage and are ready to get engaged, so I decided to take the plunge. 

It was our Christmas to spend with Jake's family and his mom always goes way over the top with decorations, so it was like a winter wonder land and it just seemed like the perfect place. During dinner I got down on one knee and presented him with a wedding band.

Jake's dad was pretty confused but he is the old school type and kept asking what was going on and if I was really proposing. I did anticipate that he would have some issues with a woman proposing. Jake's mom hushed him, so I thought she was on my side (we've had some issues in the past) Jake said yes and I was over the moon. we celebrated with an amazing meal and family and it was truly a magical night. 

Jake's dad did shut up when his mom told him to, but he seemed kind of uncomfortable the rest of the night and kept snickering. I heard today that Jake's mom is furious, feels I hijacked her dinner and was ranting when we left that Christmas is about everyone, not about us, and she feels I used her by "latching onto" her celebration. 

She is something of an attention seeker and one upper, and just that morning had been trying to make me jealous with the jewelry her husband got her. Apparently she now is saying I have no respect, so I don't know if i was out of lineSooooo I’m Canadian and I got into an argument online with someone from the USA. I wasn’t using USian in a condescending way, I was literally using it to refer to people from the US. ‘American’ may be the widely used term but I’m an American too, and so is someone from Mexico, Argentina, Cuba, you name it. 

Anyways, people from countries in the American continent (however not the US) have told me before that we’re all Americans if we live in the continent. A common word to describe USA Americans is USians. 

The person I was arguing with told me that USian is a made up word and they will forever be Americans, and nothing else. 

He seemed genuinely pissed, so I was wondering if I’m an asshole. 

To reiterate: I didn’t mean USian in a condescending way because…. It’s a denonym. Just like German, Russian, Chilean, Kenyan, etc.I [28F] got married to my wife [34F] last year and received a very lukewarm response from my parents. I come from a super religious Christian family and I don’t think my parents expected that I would be with a woman. They knew I was liberal and an LGBT ally, but I had only ever dated men. When I told them I was marrying a woman (via text) their reaction wasn’t exactly positive but it also wasn’t negative. My mom just replied “Oh, you’re getting married?” And my dad just said “Oh ok.” Despite our differences in opinions, my mom did agree to help me plan the wedding and my dad agreed to walk me down the aisle. My mom went dress shopping with me but didn’t offer any opinions. She just agreed with what ever I liked (flowers, cake, dress, decorations, etc.) but offered to chip in financially. She wasn’t rude about anything, but I could tell at times that she was faking her enthusiasm to please me. The wedding was the best day of my life even though it hurt that my grandparents refused to attend for religious reasons (I used to be close to them). 

Fast forward to now and my sister [24F] is marrying her fiancé [27M] in April. Once she told us that she was engaged, my parents were so excited. I have overheard my mom offering opinions on the wedding details. It hurts because she was so disconnected from my wedding planning. My dad also cried when my sister talked about her wedding itinerary and mentioned that he’d be walking her down the aisle. When I asked him to walk me down the aisle he agreed, but he didn’t show much emotion besides a small smile. I just feel so cheated and yet I feel like I don’t have any right to feel this way. My parents accepted me despite their beliefs and I’m grateful for that and how nice they are to my wife, but I feel like I missed out on the full wedding planning experience because they weren’t excited that I was marrying a woman. It hurts me so much every time my dad talks about hanging out with my sisters’ fiancé and how emotional he gets when he talks about her getting married and what a huge milestone it is for the family. I feel like my parents are proud when they think about my sister’s marriage but they aren’t proud of me for mine. 

Recently I went wedding dress shopping with my sister and I snapped at and said that all of the dresses looked the same because she and our mom wouldn’t stop debating about some details in the dress style for a few of her choices. My sister seemed upset by that and I apologized to her, but I sarcastically told my mom “I don’t think you were this interested in my wedding dress.” My mom then got upset and started crying, saying that she really tried hard to help with my wedding and to come to every planning appointment and offering to pay just to make me happy. I immediately felt horrible that both my mom and sister are now in tears in the bridal shop and I’ve ruined the wedding dress shopping experience for my sister. AITA?I (F25) recently just got married to my wonderful husband (M26).

A little bit of background, my parents divorced each other when I was around 14. Shortly after, my dad met and remarried another woman let's call her Brenda. With split custody and me having a good/close relationship with both of my parents, I would spend half a week at my mother’s house and the other half at my father and Brenda’s house. 

I have 4 siblings, 3 of which are boys and then there's my sister and I. My sister and I have always been “daddies girls” and I've just recently realized now that growing up, all of Brenda’s disdain towards my sister and I but not our brothers probably stemmed from jealousy. 

A few examples, making little comments when my dad would buy gifts for us such as “they don't need that” “they’ll grow up to be spoiled brats” etc...but never had anything to say when my dad would buy things for my brothers. Would make comments on my weight and appearance, would generally seem annoyed anytime I tried to talk to her, went as far as making false assumptions to my father that I was having sex and may be pregnant, as we got a little bit older, she'd have no problem with letting our brothers use her car but always said no to my sister and I, she was in general just a very mean woman for no reason. 

Fast forward a couple of years, I haven't been in contact with Brenda that much, only seen her a couple of times when i’d go visit my dad and she remained the same ol’ mean Brenda like I always knew. Well, recently when time for my wedding came around my dad brought Brenda as his plus-one without my knowledge. When I saw her, immediately I was upset. While technically, she is kind of family, I obviously only wanted people who I am on good terms with and have good relationships with at my wedding. 

So, I told my husband who politely asked her to leave and offered to escort her. Now a few days after I'm getting angry messages from my dad saying what I did was  “unacceptable” and how “Brenda’s feelings are very hurt, and found what I did disheartening and very embarrassing” which I find very laughable honestly. 

The problem is my dad wants me to apologize to her and says I am not welcomed to their home anymore unless I apologize. Even after explaining why I did what I did to my dad he won't accept my answer. 

So AITA and should I just apologize for the sake of my dad and I’s relationship?I (35M) am engaged to a wonderful woman and and doing very well in my career. Everything has been going well for me, and this news couldn't come at a worse time.

I was recently contacted by "Carl" (16M) who claims to be my son from a very toxic relationship that ended 17 years ago. At first, I was certain this couldn't be true. He offered to do a DNA test, and I agreed just to get rid off him. The unthinkable happened. It came back positive.

Carl says that my ex has been horrible and abusive to him for basically his entire life. He says he was never told my name or anything he could use to find me, only that I was a garbage man and he was garbage because he was my son. Recently he found my name on some old leasing contracts from when my ex and I lived together. He figured things out from there.

Carl says that he can't live with my ex anymore, that he isn't safe there. He wants to live with me and be a family. I just can't. I can't deal with this. I contacted a friend of mine who's on the board of a really good boarding school. He pulled some strings and got Carl admitted.

I haven't spoken to Carl since. He writes and tries to call, but I ignore him. He's a reminder of the worst time in my life. Everytime I look at him I feel sick to my stomach. I can't be his father. I just can't. I feel bad for him, but I can't give him what he wants.

My fiance wants me to talk to him, but I keep refusing. It's putting a serious strain on our relationship. I question my choice every day, but each time I think about talking to him, I realize that would be selfish and cruel, because I'd be giving him hope for a relationship that can never happen.

Update: I've been reading these comments over and over again. I spoke to my fiance about my past with my ex and how awful and painful those years were. She helped me accept some things about what happened to me. Together, we came to a decision.

I wrote Carl an email explaining, to the best of my ability, my reaction when I first learned he was my son. I invited him to come visit for spring break and spend some time with us. Just thinking about seeing him makes me feel sick to my stomach, but it's the right thing to do.

It was never my plan not to provide for Carl financially, but these comments made me realize that I left Carl with a great deal of doubt and uncertainty. I told Carl we will be helping him pay for college in two years (if he wants to go) and that we're of course going to be covering all of his expenses up to that point. It never even occurred to me that he would be worried about those things, but I should have considered it, knowing he was raised by my ex.

I'm not looking forward to seeing him, but I hope that getting to know him as his own person will help me separate him from my ex in my mind. Maybe, over time, we can come to have some sort of relationship.My husband "Craig" (38M) and I (33F) are in the process of adopting a little girl "Catalina" (10F). We have been seeking to adopt for quite some time as I cannot have children, and we've known about Catalina for a few months. 

However, my sister "Cara" (31F) just passed away in a car crash. My BIL sadly died alongside her, and they left behind Charles (6M) and Chloe (3F). They have been staying with my parents since the crash, but they had us pretty late so they are both in their 70s and have health problems. Admittedly neither of them are in the condition to be raising little kids. I've been helping as I can and today I brought over dinner for parents and niblings. Everything went well until my mom asked to speak to me.

Put simply, she and dad know they can't take care of Charles and Chloe, and their expectation is that I will take them in. This would have been a no-brainer of course if it had happened even a year ago. We would not have hesitated to take the niblings.

But the issue lies with Catalina. She has what they think is FAS (it's an international adoption and they don't even know for sure who her bio parents are). That's fine, Craig and I are okay with having a special needs child, but we're also aware that she's going to need a lot of our time and attention especially at first. I love my niblings but they're both pretty rambunctious. At least until we know for sure what life with Catalina is going to be like, I'm not willing to take them in right now. 

My mom proceeded to call me TA and tell me I must not care about the kids because some little girl I've never even met is more important than them, and that if I won't take them they'll probably have to go to foster care. I actually have met Catalina and will see her again at the end of next month, and I would obviously take the kids in under any other circumstances. Mom wouldn't listen and proceeded to tell the kids "Aunt howtobeacat101 doesn't care about you."

Now I feel really bad and am worried I'm failing my niblings because I won't take them in at present (if once Catalina's here I think we could handle it I will absolutely). I really don't want to go back on the adoption. In the country she's in now, a child like that doesn't really have a chance. But am I wrong to be prioritizing her and what's right for our family?

Side note: Cara wanted BIL to raise the kids if something happened to her but obviously we can't honor that.I(32M) have a daughter "Emily"(12F) with my ex(29F). Ex is not in my daughter's life and gave full custody to me when she was born. I recently got married to "Samantha" (36F) who has a daughter" Emma" (13F). Emma and Emily do not get along with one another. They are constantly arguing and getting into fights. Samantha thinks they are going through a phase and will work things out. Emma and Emily are very similar and have similar interests. Emily did try and hang with Emma and her friends, but it ended with them arguing and having to be picked up early. 

We recently had to do renovations on the entire house. The entire house is now bigger with three bedrooms instead of two. We let the girls choose what room they wanted and Emma chose the bigger room. Emily started complaining about why Emma always got what she wanted and I did assure her it was not the case. Samantha got involved and spoke to both of the girls. 

Emily told her grandmother that she feels like we are giving Emma everything she wants and that we are favoring Emma. Her grandparents called me and started yelling that I was not being a good father to Emily and needed to prove to Emily that I loved her as much as Emma.

Edit: Emma and Emily both got to choose which room they wanted. Emma told us that she wanted the bigger one. Emily felt like we let Emma pick the room without discussing with her. 

AITA for letting my step-daughter take the bigger room?I've had my driver's license since I was 16, and back then, my parents allowed me to use their car when they weren't using it. A few years later when I was 18, my parents got a new car which they traded in for their old one. Suddenly, my parents decided that they won't allow me to use their car anymore despite my perfect driving record (which I still have today), because "it's a new car." It's their car, so oh well.

Fast forward to six months ago, I'm now 23 and bought my own car which I pay gas, insurance, and everything else for. However, I stopped using it to go to work since a new train station opened up about a month ago within 5 minutes walking distance of my house. I like taking the train much more than being stuck in Seattle traffic and finding parking downtown. My parents refuse to use it because they think they're too good for it.

Yesterday, my parents' car had some issues and needed to be taken in for repair. My dad asked me if he could use my car to pick up my mom from the airport while I am at work today, and I said no—pointing out that I cannot allow him to borrow my car while he prohibits me from borrowing his. My dad told me that he didn't want to pay for an expensive Uber ride, so I suggested that my mom take the train home. After all, you aren't too good to use the train if you aren't willing to pay for expensive Uber rides. He eventually accepted, and my mom took the train home.

In case anybody asks, I do live with my parents, and do not pay them any rent. When I'm not at work, I spend a lot of time caring for my elderly grandmother who also lives with us, so they're not really in any position to kick me out unless they are willing to accept that it would negatively impact my grandmother as well as themselves. I am financially able to move out, but in the meantime I am saving my money.Title is a bit of a doozy; I'll do my best to explain. Ages are current to now.

&#x200B;

I (37M) am 100% sterile due to a childhood accident. My wife (35F) and I considered our options when starting a family, and agreed a "sperm donor" situation would be the most affordable/accessible option available to us. After looking into more traditional methods, we both concluded that an anonymous nut in a cup was a little weird and impersonal for us both; after a lot of irrelevant interlude, my best friend, John (39M), agreed to be the "donor".

&#x200B;

This was years ago and my wife and I now have a son, Abram (changed obviously, 7M), from this arrangement; we've also adopted a second child, Lilly (4F). John is a part of both of my children's lives and we are all very close, but they have no clue he is Abram's bio-dad and neither really does anyone else. A few close relatives know he isn't biologically mine, but only because they know I'm sterile. Even our friends don't really know; it just isn't relevant and we're private people.

&#x200B;

John is single and has been pretty much his whole life. He's financially and career motivated and just hasn't ever settled down, and doesn't really plan to now. With Abram, he has a bio-child and he can interact with him, but no responsibility at all; it works and hasn't been an issue until now.

&#x200B;

Although he has a brother (45M), his brother definitely will never have children. His mother (late 60s) has always sort of wanted grandkids, I guess, but never made much of a fuss. But she recently found she has terminal cancer and only a year or so to live, and has now been saying her big regret is never getting to be a grandmother, etc.

&#x200B;

John has come to my wife and I and asked us to let Abram know he is his biological father, so that he can let his mother have a grandmother/grandchild relationship. Neither my wife nor I want to rock the boat in any of the ways that entails, and have told him as much.

&#x200B;

But now he's saying after all he's done, all he's asking for is to let "his son" know his family, and that he always assumed we'd some day tell everyone. This is something we adamantly were not interested in doing, so I'm assuming this is all from him being shocked/upset about his mother, but I put my foot down and told him a solid no.

&#x200B;

Now he's saying I'm an asshole and I'll be crushing his mother's dreams if I don't let him tell Abram.

&#x200B;

Will I be the asshole if I don't relent?

&#x200B;

Edit:  
I've not had much time to read/process the responses, much less reply myself but to clarify:  


Lilly does know she is adopted - our ethnicities are different, etc. Our main reason to not tell Abram has had nothing to do with him, and I'm sure we were always going to let him know eventually (especially that he isn't biologically related to me), but we haven't wanted to complicate his relationship with John or to give him a reason to be bullied etc.   


Mostly the latter, with our main fear being that kids would assume affair or something like that, due to the community we live in (reasonably conservative and very nosy).I (F55) have two sons, 'Mike' (M32) and 'Jack' (M24). Mike is engaged to Sarah, his partner of three years, while Jack started dating his then-classmate, 'Rose' (F24) eight years ago. 

I love Sarah as she's sweet, easy-going woman and I can't wait for her to get married with my son. However, I don't have a good opinion of Rose. I'm almost sure she's with my son only until she'll find someone 'better', as I must heavy-heartedly admit that she's more good-looking and intelligent than Jack. She has many male friends with whom she's regularly going out (and almost no female ones). She goes all flirty with my hubby, who obviously loves talking with her (he says it's not flirting and she's just easy to talk with). Apparently, she also neither wants to get married nor have children which for me is a very big red flag. All in all, she's suspicious and I am not able to get along with her. Mike also doesn't like her, but both my husband and Jack says I'm dramatizing. 

In our family we have tradition that once per decade we go to photographer for a special family session. It's a special time, as the same tradition was followed in my husband's family for generations. It happened that we did our last photo-session ten years ago, so we decided it's the highest time to make a new one. 

My husband suggested this time we whould invite Rose and Sarah (Mike's fiancee), as in his opinion they're both part of family by now. I told him I'm ok with Sarah being on the shoot (as she and Mike are engaged so she'll be our daughter-in-law soon), but I don't want Rose there because her relationship with Jack isn't serious enough and this event is family-only. 

Jack got visibly upset and told me he's dating Rose for longer time than Mike is with Sarah. I tried to explain to him she isn't serious since she doesn't want to marry him but he called me close-minded and prejudiced. What hurt me is that not only my husband openly supported him (which I sort of expected as he adores Rose), but also Mike, though relucnantly. I tried to explain to them I just don't want all of us to see her on the photo if she and Jack would break up but I only made situation worse. rJack went as far as to tell me that if I don't agree for Rose to be on the photo, he will not be there too and that I'm just jealous of her. 

Now both my husband and Jack don't talk to me at all. I want to mend our relationship but I still think I didn't do anything wrong as I only try to protect my boy from getting hurt. 

Am I really The Asshole?I have two kids - Alexia (16F) and Ashton (9M). Alexia has always collected Webkinz from the time she was very young. She has easily over 200 of them. If you don't know there's a website/game tied to the animals as well so you have a digital copy of every animal you get. Despite her older age Alexia is still using the digital site to "play" with the toys.

I think Alexia should focus on activities more geared toward a teenager but I'm not going to stop her playing with the Webkinz. I do however think that she should share her toys with her brother when he wants to play with them as a little boy is wont to do. Alexia however completely refuses to share her Webkinz with Ashton and has told me I can buy him his own. 

It all came to a head today when Ashton was wanting to play with a dragon of Alexia's and she said no and literally ripped it out of his hand. He came to me crying and I just decided enough is enough, I am tired of this rivalry between them. Since Alexia is just not going to budge in her rudeness, I told Ashton he could have the dragon.

To say Alexia was pissed is an understatement. She told me I have to give her the dragon back because she paid for it (she's been funding her whole toy addiction for a while now). I acknowledge that she paid for it but she's living in my house and it isn't fair to her brother to have hundreds of toys in plain sight he can't play with. I didn't say she had to give them to him, only that she has to share. This is apparently still unreasonable.

My husband firmly sides with me, adding that if she wants a toy dragon, she can buy her own where Ashton can't and that's why we are asking her to share. I'm also not sure why it matters since she has the dragon on her Webkinz site so why she even needs the physical one is beyond me. I see that as a compromise so that both children are happy, but Alexia remains incensed. AITA?My son (14) is a slob. I’m tired of cleaning up his room and taking out his trash and doing his laundry. He’s out of school all this week. I left a note on Monday. He needs to take out his trash. Make his bed with the sheets and comforter I washed. Do his dishes. Hang up his clothes and put his underwear and socks in the appropriate drawers. Put all his nerf guns and ammo in the container purposed. Vacuum his room. I told him if it wasn’t done by the time I got home today he only gets what he gets. (Two pairs of jeans already wrapped) I’ve got some expensive gifts in the closet for him but I can’t bring myself to give them to him. (I grew up living frugally) my husband thinks I’m being the asshole because everyone should lots of gifts at Christmas.  FYI, our daughter is 23 and gets gifts of need and a couple fun. Am I the Asshole for not giving him any big gifts when he can’t even keep up with with the ones he has? My husband is adamant we go shopping for gifts for him tomorrow!I know the title sounds bad, but allow me to explain.

So my sister lives in South Africa with her boyfriend. We're from the UK for reference. Recently, her and her boyfriend bought a house. This house is huge, to say the very least. It's got 4 bedrooms, 3 of which  have a bathroom, with the largest bedroom having a walk in wardrobe. There's 2 other bathrooms, as well as a pool. Not to mention that it has two garages and a massive garden.

Recently, my sister was talking about her house, or more so bragging about her house. I want to make it clear that I'm very happy that my sister and her boyfriend have been able to buy a house, however, property is very cheap in South Africa, so that same house would be over £1,000,000 in the UK. While she was talking, I told her that her buying a house that big in South Africa isn't really the same as buying a house as large as that in the UK, for the reasons listed above. She joking told me that I need to stop being so jealous, however, she hasn't spoken to me since. According to my mother, my sister thinks that I was being a jerk by saying what I did, which my mother agrees with. My mother thinks that her and her boyfriend earned the money to buy the house, so it counts just as much as buying a house here.

I'm aware that I could have phrased things better, however, I still stand by the premise of what I said.

AITA here?
My Son and his wife live out of town and they’re apparently having some issues at home. And while legitimately everyone seems to share this sentiment. I’m not sure how you can attribute all of his shortcomings to, “how I raised him”.  


She whines on Facebook over me, “not teaching my son how to cook”….but….cooking is just reading recipes….anyone can do it. It’s not my responsibility to send him out into the world as a gourmet chef. 


She tells my son that he was, “babied all his life”. But me doing his laundry is not the reason he can’t operate a washer. If she can’t handle doing something that takes like 2 minutes outside of washing/drying time then that’s on her. She’s welcome to show him how. But I’m not going to accept blame for doing the laundry in my own home. 


She recently started complaining about her, “MIL who decided not to show her precious little angel how to wrap presents”…..I mean, seriously? She frequents JNMIL. And her posts are just basically blaming me for the 2 of them not being able to handle simple chores without complaining.


It’s ironic, because she doesn’t really know how to cook either and they usually have takeout according to my son. Their lack of “life skills” and her inability to handle 100% of the mental/emotional/domestic labor in a relationship is not on me. Yes, my son watched me do it. But I didn’t force him to expect the same from his wife. And I’m certainly not going to apologize for standing by my husband and I guess forcing my children to see what that looks like. 


I responded to tell her that none of it is my fault. And if she feels the need to place 100% of the blame on someone. She should look at my son, or even herself honestly. If she wasn’t busy whining she might be able to show him. Since she can’t handle it herself. Now I’m a, “parent who won’t accept responsibility for their parenting failures”. According to her Twitter that is.



**Edit 1**: I should say some of it is my fault. Although I strongly believe blaming me for him not being some expert present wrapper is just nonsense.


**Edit 2**: For the one consistently claiming she wants, “an equal partner”. You should note she’s a SAHW who wants her husband to do “just as much housework as myself”. They do not have kids so not a SAHM. But want some from what I understand.


**Edit 3**: I’m a CPA, not a housewife. I was a SAHM once upon a time. But I’m not anymore. And I’ve seen my son clean and do a load of laundry before before. So I know he is capable.UPDATE:

Someone asked me to post an update so I thought I would just do it here rather than open a new portal for people to spout their vitriol at me.  My 84 yo Dad had an accident and ended up in hospital so I flew in early to see him/take care of him.  I'm sure all you spiteful people out there are giddy with glee.  

At the same time, the Omicron threat looms so it appears likely my partner will not be joining us as expected for fear of having to go into quarantine.  

Our home state is 'opening up' on Feb 5 so I may stay here until then rather than spending 2 weeks in quarantine, and if I do I'm hoping she can join me here for the last few weeks.

Tl;Dr - The 'get together' is going on most likely without my partner due to external reasons.

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So my partner and I are going to my home town just after Christmas (her family is all in Japan).  We are spending 2 weeks, of which most will be spent with my family and a few days of us exploring by ourselves.  My high school friends want to make plans to catch up and get an airbnb and spend the night playing games etc.

I asked my girlfriend if she minds if I don't bring her along, as none of my other friends are bringing their partners and it changes the dynamic somewhat (English isn't her first language so a lot of the games we'd like to play would be too difficult for her).  I gave her the option she could stay with my family (whom she has met before) or she could stay with my high school friend's gf (whom we have stayed with before and we will probably stay with for one night again).

She blew up, now saying she isn't coming on the trip anymore etc. etc.  I then offer instead to fly to my hometown a couple days earlier than originally planned  and catch up with my friends, and then I'll pick her up from the airport.

This too, is not an option apparently, and she maintains she is no longer coming on the trip (which btw I paid for half the flight).

AITA?

Edit:  This blew up a bit, I feel like majority are saying I'm the asshole but there is a strong minority who disagree, so I'm glad it's not clear cut.  To address some recurring themes:

1. She does speak English, we live in Australia and she has worked and lived here for over 5 years, I just meant she struggles to understand new games and in general has no interest in any sort of 'intellectual' game.
2. I would happily put her up in a private AirBnB or similar if she wanted, I didn't offer it because I am pretty sure she wouldn't want that either, but when we discuss it next I will make sure she knows that option is available.
3. I mentioned in one comment thread I think part of it is she is worried about why I don't want her there.  She asked if we are going to 'get strippers' but I feel like she knows that is ridiculous.

Anyway my plan is to have another talk with her about it, I will present the 'solo accommodation' option as well and if she won't concede to any of it then I guess I'll just have to bring her along, and take mental note of how uncompromising she can be.

Thanks for all your replys I will read them all.I am 14f and my mom and dad got divorced when I was young and then my dad died and then my mom got remarried when I was 9. She and her husband have a few kids together.

When my mom got remarried she changed her last name and now they all have the same last name except for me. It's super annoying and I begged her to at least hyphenate but she wanted to have her new husband's name.

They always call us the "Johnson" (fake name) family which is not true because I am not a Johnson. So they are either don't think I am part of the family or don't care about my name and my feelings. My mom can do whatever she wants and I can't stop her, but I don't have to be happy about her choices. Btw my stepdad and I are not close but he shows up to my games even though I told my mom I would prefer it if no one came because they get in my head.

It was the last straw when my mom posted a picture of all of us saying the "Johnson family blah blah blah" and I confronted her and told her that it was not my last name, and that I am not a part of the family, and that if she cared more about her new kids and husband than me that it was only moral of her to let me live with other relatives.  I told her everyday she and my stepdad ruin my happiness a little more and that she cares more about having a man in her life than me, and that  I can't make her love me the same, but  I am allowed to hate her for it.

I told my stepdad that he was cruel for rubbing it in my face everyday that I don't have a dad and that I am not a part of the family and that if he cared about me even a little he would have tried to also convince my mom to at least hyphenate, so I wouldn't have to feel so embarrassed every single day. I told him he was just as responsible as my mom for my hurt.

She and my stepdad are upset with me now and my mom keeps crying so AITA?

edit:I apologized to my mom and stepdad and they asked to talk but I told them the truth that I don't feel comfortable talking to them because I don't ever feel supported by them. I told them it hurts that they don't respect my last name and that I don't feel like I belong and going to Mexico without me was really mean. I said I am tired of being sloppy seconds.Throwaway account because I don't want to post this on my main account and risk having anyone I know seeing this.

My wife has been hinting about me getting her first designer bag for 4 years now, and I've been always telling her "Next Anniversary I will", she'd smile and laugh and say something along the lines "it's fine, love, it's too much to ask for" even though it's something she's been asking for 4 years straight... Our Anniversary is on the 24th, and I just really don't want to give her it. I'm not financially unstable, I'm very far from it and I make very good money, but I'd rather spend my money on something that's actually convenient and helpful to her, not just some bag.. Also, I'm not quite sure who she is trying to impress by attempting to wear designer, we're not in high school anymore, we're almost in our 40s and that's not really age appropriate for her...

Anyways, I just went through with it and did some thorough research, and bought a very similar looking bag from a trusted website that sells replicas of designer bags for HUNDREDS of dollars cheaper, and the bag I bought was only $300, (the real bag is $700) it looked like the real deal. Unfortunately, The box that the bag came in though was very cheap looking and scratched up. So, I had to quickly search someone that is nearby that is selling the real box, and after a day of searching, I finally found someone that lived 3 hours away from me for $150. I took off a day of work while she was working so she wouldn't wonder where I'm going. I had to spend a total of $80 of gas driving there and back, gas is super expensive where I live... When I finally met the person, they told me that the price is $250.. I told them they said it was $150 earlier, and their reasoning was that Christmas is close and that they really need the money for presents. I felt badly about their situation, therefore I added a little extra to my payment, I paid the full $300 because I didn't drive 3 hours here for nothing.

I came back home right on time, which was an hour before my wife comes back from work. I put her gift in a nice bag, and hid it very well. I can't stop thinking about what lengths I was forced to go through for her for a designer bag, and I just feel very regretful. At the same time, I should not feel regretful because she really wanted a designer bag, so I got her one.. Just not a real one, but she should still be happy with the gift because she'll know how much it means for her that I got her something she's wanted for years. And I'm not going to tell her its fake either because I don't want to risk her getting upset or anything of the sort, especially after the struggle I went through for her gift. I love her a lot, and she means a lot to me. I'm happy I finally decided on getting her something she's wanted, and I know she'll be very grateful too. I just can't help feeling somewhat bad for getting her a fake one.

I'm stumped on how I should feel about this situation.. Should I feel bad or not? Or am I the asshole?

Edit note:  I paid an extra $50, the full $300, because they were in need of money for Christmas presents.. I felt bad, so I gave extra.. I would rather spend extra on a family of need of money for Christmas presents instead of a designer bag.. I am not materialistic.[deleted][deleted]Obligatory on my phone so please excuse any formatting errors.

Some backstory is needed, so here goes:

My bother 'Mike' was an excellent chess player. When I say 'was', I mean he was forced to give it up by my Dad. My Mother just silently supported my Dad, like most SAHM's of her era.

My parents had us way late in life. Mike was born when my parents were both 35, and I was an 'accident' when they were 43 years old. They are both 65 now, and are enjoying retirement. Mike loved chess and began playing it a lot. He was soon crushing older players, and the guys at the local chess club literally thought he was Chess Grand Master material provided he got the right training and exposure. They encouraged him to play in tournaments as much as he could, even in the U.S. Open Chess Championship which was held annually.

Dad wanted Mike to be a pro baseball player instead. He lost a ton of weight so he could play with Mike, got him the best coaches, and even flew him to Boston to watch the Sox. And he made sure he reminded Mike of it. Mike, meanwhile, won a bunch of trophies playing chess and hid all of them in my room so that our Dad would not know that they existed.

Dad eventually threw out his chessboard and prized antique chess set too. From now it was baseball all the way - but Mike sucked at it. Years of training, plenty of money down the drain, many meet-ups with retired players later, Dad finally realised that his dream was not to be. He finally gave up, and Mike was relieved.

A fraction of the money that was spent towards baseball would have definitely pushed my brother to the top tier of chess.

I asked my Mother years later if they ever thought of getting me special training in Swimming or Lacrosse -  2 sports in which I was good at in School - and she replied 'Your father thought that Sports were only for men' and that was that.

Mike is now a lawyer and is happily married with twin sons aged 4. My mother called last night and said that Mike had called them an hour earlier. He had binge-watched The Queen's Gambit and all those memories came flooding back. He picked up the phone and tore into my Dad, told him he was not their son anymore, and that they would never be able to see the twins again. He said that this was payback for all those years when he was forced to do something he was not interested in. Dad broke down soon after they hung up, and my mother was very upset. She called him back but he had already blocked their numbers. She then called me and told me what happened.

I called Mike up and he did not answer. I then hung up, and texted him saying he should not have said those things to Dad, and that he should call them back and apologise. Mike replied stating that he was blocking my number too. I replied, called him a vindictive person and that he shouldn't deprive our parents of their grandchildren's company and affection over something that took place years ago. AITA? Some background; my wife and I worked and lived in a somewhat larger city where my daughter was born. My wife got a job opportunity in one of her employers field offices and it was too good to pass up. We moved to the boonies when my daughter (Amy) was a pre-teen and we have been here ever since. The people are nice but we were quickly labeled as "city folk" and so we never really integrated very well.

Amy came back the summer between her freshman and sophomore yea. She got a summer job which is where she met her Fiancé (Dan). We have had him over to the house countless times since then and he is polite, respectful, and he seems to truly love my daughter. He is a local and his family have been locals for generations. We rarely met up with his parents, but they also seemed nice when we did. They dated long distance all through her college years.

This past summer they got engaged. His parents decided to throw an engagement last weekend at their house. We had never been there and I was excited to see the home where he grew up and meet his extended family. The party was fine, we did our best to fit in but, like I mentioned, we were from the city and they poked fun a little bit.

His dad gave a speech and while it wasn't overtly racist, he mentioned how he was happy that his son found a "nice white girl" and looking forward to "white grandbabies." As the night progressed, they started to share bit of family history so that we would know the "proud" lineage our family would now be a part of. Without going into too much detail, they are descended from members of a hate group. We decided to be polite and not say anything but we didn't stay much longer.

I let this stew for a few days until Amy returned home. She tells me that she was not aware of his family history but it doesn't change her mind. I don't want her marrying into this family and I told her so. She says Dan doesn't wholly believe what his parents do but I'm not convinced. You can't be raised to believe you are of a superior race and not have it becomes internalized to some degree. She assures me that they have a lifetime for her to point out all the ways his parents are wrong. But I am worried that if they never leave his hometown, there will be too much pushback from his family.

I told her that I am going to be firm on this. That I don't want her marrying into that family. She called me an asshole and has been ignoring me ever since. I feel horrible but this isn't what I had hoped for her. So is she right? Am I being an asshole?My(F21) sister(25) just had her first baby a few months ago. He, “James”, was born completely healthy, got to go home the same day. She had a very easy pregnancy and delivery(said so herself) but for some reason is always freaking out thinking there is something wrong with her baby. 

About a week after James was born, my sister got a call from his pediatrician saying they needed to redo one of his newborn screenings because he was too close to the borderline. My sister started freaking out, crying, acting like this meant he was going to die even though he hadn’t been diagnosed with anything or even failed the test; they just needed to redo it to be safe. He passed the second time. 

Her next freak out came when he was about 7 weeks old. She started saying he hadn’t smiled yet and everyone she knew who had babies started smiling at 6 weeks and saying maybe this is an early sign he has autism. My parents kept saying it’s completely normal for a baby to not smile right on time and her pediatrician even said they weren’t concerned but she was extremely upset and stressed by this. I asked her if she would love him any less if he had autism because that’s how she was acting and she looked disgusted and said of course not, she just wants him to be okay. He smiled a few days after this freak out. 

The most recent freak out was his first roll. He rolled for the first time at 12 weeks and that seems like something parents would be excited about but nope, she was worried he rolled too early and this could be a sign of cerebral palsy. I’ve read that early rolling can be an early sign but 12 weeks is not considered “early rolling”. 

I was finally fed up with this and told her she is so lucky to have such a healthy baby and some people would kill to be as lucky as her and she needs to stop freaking out and be grateful. I told her it is starting to look like she wants there to be something wrong with him. She just said something like  “okay sorry I won’t talk about my health concerns anymore” and has been very distant since. I recently found out she made a new family group chat without me in it where she sends pictures and updates on him and it’s making me wonder if I went to far and hurt her feelings. 

AITA?

ETA: My sister has always been anxious, has been in therapy since she was 14 and still is. Has also been on various meds. I guess I’m mostly just frustrated because she seems to have an ideal life and doesn’t seem appreciative. She has an extremely supportive husband, they own a house, she gets to be a SAHM, got pregnant her first try. But now after reading some of these replies I realize I didn’t really think about her hormones and she’s probably just wanting reassurance and someone to tell her everything be okay. I will apologize but I’m gonna give it a bit so she can cool off.[removed]My mom and my wife avoid each other if they can. There was never a big incident. My mom isn't a JNMIL and my wife isn't some horrible DIL, but if they can get away with not speaking, they don't speak.

For a little while my mom tried to keep her close relationship with me by trying to see me when my wife wasn't there, but I felt weird about that, my life got busy, and more and more I told my mom the only times I was available were when my wife would be there, so my mom lost interest in seeing me. In the four years I've been married I've seen my mom a handful of times. It was hard on me for a while, but I feel like what am I going to do when the two of them just don't want to interact.

My mom did sent a gift when my 3 year old was born, and she has met her a couple of times. My mom is always polite when we see her, but obviously there can't be a traditional grandma role when she doesn't want to come around.

My wife's family lives across the country, so we spend most holidays with my family. My mom isn't the one hosting, and I am not forcing my wife into an uncomfortable situation. My wife genuinely likes a lot of my cousins, and we mostly hang out with them and my mom hangs out with her husband, sister, BIL. 

My daughter has met my mom but not enough to remember her and is going through her curious stage. When we all gathered for Thanksgiving she asked my mom who she was and my mom gave her first name. She was really nice about it, but it still left a bad taste in my mouth, like she is still her grandmother and while we aren't close at all there was never a formal estrangement. 

I didn't say anything in the moment. my wife suggested it might be a vanity thing, but I don't know. She was never particularly vain. Recently Christmas plans came up and I stated that I don't want to go if my mom is there, due to her rejecting my daughter. My whole extended family thinks I'm being dramatic. My wife is actually annoyed and says I'm being an ass for wanting to deprive our daughter of a family holiday just because my mom is a bitch. I just don't feel comfortable and it really left a bad taste in my mouthIt's been a community thing for all of the boys to go on a short trip to do activities and camp out. One of the boy's dad used to take them but can't do it this year so my fiancé was asked.

My fiancé didn't think it was fair for girls to miss out and wanted to include them this year but a lot of the boys didn't like that idea. My fiancé was still going to go through with allowing girls.

My son has been hounding me and him for over a week to not allow girls. He says not only does he not want girls there, he said the rest of the boys are and will blame him because it's his stepdad making the decision. My fiancé has asked me what he should do, and I told him to allow girls. 

I think it's sad my son has this view and I think allowing *him* to go to some all boys event, is allowing him to be furthered influenced by this type of toxicity. WIBTA/AITA if I didn't allow him to go, and for telling my fiancé to allow girls?

**UPDATE**
Some context. My son is 13. By community thing, I mean this was all started by a dad for his sons and the other boys in the community in 2009 when they were 12-14. So technically it's a private thing. His boys are obviously older now and no longer go, but they help organize everything and pay for everything, along with a few other dad's in the neighborhood. The general age of boys has between 12 and 14, sometimes a little older, sometimes a little younger.

Long story short, they told me fiancé he wouldn't be taking them. The boys went, girls weren't included. I was hesitant to let my son go because of his strong position on no girls, but apparently a few of the boys started bullying him about the whole thing, and he decided he didn't want to go anyway.

My fiancé and I started planning an impromptu girl's trip, but the dads who organize the boys' trips and some other parents went around bad mouthing my fiancé and I to everyone they could and the girls who wanted to go, all of a sudden couldn't. A girls trip is planned for next year, my fiancé and I are not allowed to be involved with the boys or girls trip.

My son's upset and balmes us, quite literally hasn't spoken to my fiancé in 5 days.I have a teenage daughter who will be turning 15 this week. She is very independent and apparently responsible for her age so we give her quite a lot of freedom, at least by our standards.

Lately she has been acting out anytime we do something as a family, as teenagers do. Spent all our holidays at the beach locked inside with her phone, protested anytime we included her in any activity, the usual shit. But I think this time ahe crossed a line and we should do something about it.

For birthdays, we usually get together with her uncle and grandparents and have a family dinner. This year she said she would be celebrating with her friends, she wanted nothing to do with her family and she is sick of us controlling her and telling her what to do. She  threw a big fit, raising her voice and playing victim. My wife was very hurt,  trying to reason with her but she wouldn't budge, it's her birthday so her fiends come first and we have to settle for another day if WE want to celebrate.

Of course we could make her come to the dinner but that would mean long faces all around, bitching and picking fights over small things, and it seems counterproductive for a celebration about her.

I'm really sick of this shit, she's being cruel to us and treating us with comtempt. I say we completely skip her birthday just as she said she wants, but that also means no cake, no presents or money, no celebration of any kind (she's expecting some expensive presents and money from our relatives) . But my wife says it would be going too far and she will remember it all her life.

I said it's time she starts having some consequences for her actions and maybe she will learn something. But also I'm doubting if this would realy accomplish anything and will just drive her farther from us.

What do you think?

&#x200B;

Edit: 

Sorry, I think I wasn't clear enough. English is not my first language, I should have put a disclaimer. 

 She was at a family gathering with the people involved for which I wasn't present (uncle, grandparents, mother) and she told everybody  she didn't want to celebrate with her family on that date or ever, but we could do it another day if it's so important to us. We can set another date but since she made it clear she's not interested it would be awkward.

As for controlling her, her main complaints are having to  coming home at 9,30 PM and asking her who she was with. The time is more or less the standard around here.

And when I said "apparently responsible" I meant "as far as we know". But some months ago we found out she's started smoking so maybe there are more things we don't know. 

Anyway, I accept my almost unanymous Asshole judgment.  We'll tell her to decide for herself  what she wants to do.My son is in 3rd grade, and has a birthday party coming up. I gave him roughly about 9 or 10 invites so he could invite any of his friends that wanted to come and they could give them to their parents and have them call me. When I go to pick him up at the end of the day, his teacher waves me over.

I asked her what was up, and she said that I shouldn't have my son pass out invites if there wasn't enough for the whole class. I asked him which class he passed them out in and he said his math class cause that's the one where most of his friends were. I turned back to her and said I couldn't afford to hold a party where almost 25 to 30 kids would attend. I was trying to keep it relatively small anyways. 

She said, well then don't have your son passing them out in my class. "We have students who don't have the opportunities to celebrate their birthdays and it was unfair to give them the disappointment of not being invited".  I told her while that was unfortunate it was not my problem to make the other kids in the class happy. 

She said "Listen, parents make things I have nothing to do with my problem all the time. Just please don't do this again or I will be writing your son up. Him passing those invites out distracted the class." She then said he should apologize to the class tommorow. 

I was pretty upset and I told her I would be addressing this with the principal later. Me and my son went home. I don't really see it as my issue, it's not like I told him to not invite any of his poor classmates. AITA?Me (26F) and my BF (28M) have been together for almost 4 years.  Over the years we have spent extended periods of time with both of our families.  We try to alternate major holidays with each family as visiting both of them requires travel.  We also try to split time during summer trips as well.  

Two summers ago we spent about 10-days with his family at their lake property.  It was very relaxing and was a great getaway for us.  There was one minor hang-up though.  My BF's grandparents were at the lake property as well and my BF asked that I dress respectfully around them.  

Now, I take a lot of pride in my body and spend a lot of time and effort to keep it looking good.  So, I like to show it off.  I wear skimpy bikinis and have piercings, sue me.  My BF didn't try to stop me from wearing those while we were swimming or on the boat, but he did ask that I at least wear sports bras or something to cover up while around his family.  

For the most part, I did.  But there were a few times where it was just too hot or uncomfortable to wear a bra and I would just not wear one under a crop top or whatever I had on.  My BF called me out on it afterwards and told me he had family members ask him about it, but I just shrugged it off.

Well, this year we decided to spend Labor day with my family.  We rented a cabin and I was really looking forward to it.  Until a stunt my BF pulled.  He needed to buy a new swimsuit since his was getting old.  Now, my BF is not a big clothes/fashion guy, so I was kind of surprised when he told me he ordered a swimsuit from a trendy online store he heard about.

What I didn't know was that he ordered a swimsuit with an incredibly short inseam that was also very, very tight.  The first time he tried them on I could literally see everything.  Like, even though everything was technically covered, there was nothing left to the imagination. 

 I told him there was no way he was going to wear that around my family.  He said they were comfortable and he likes them and he didn't want to go out shopping for anything else.  I told him there would be kids there and he literally looks like a sausage.  I asked him if this was some kind of petty revenge for me not wearing a bra around his family 2 years ago and he got pissed at me for even insinuating that.  

He told me he wanted to try something new and fun and had no idea the shorts would fit the way they do, but that doesn't change the fact that he likes them and feels confident in them.  I told him to go buy a new pair but he refused.  

Every time he wore them over the weekend it was brought up by someone in my family.  I don't think anyone ever said anything directly to my BF, but I definitely got asked about it.  When we got home I told him how disappointed I was that he didn't respect me or my family enough to at least make an attempt at covering up.  He won't really talk to me about it right now and just keeps telling me I'm being an asshole about it.My daughter (Ana, 6) got me some weird smelling cologne for Christmas and I hated it. I asked my wife why she would even let our daughter buy this crap and she said that since Ana had used her own piggy bank money, she had wanted to pick out the cologne on her own (so basically Ana went on Amazon, and randomly looked around until she saw a cologne picture that she liked and that could afford). 

My wife thought the whole thing was hilarious, but I didn't really find it that funny. Don't get me wrong, I appreciated it, but it stunk so I sent it back today. I was just not going to say anything, but when I came back inside, Ana asked me why I had went out without putting on the cologne. And I told her, "Well, sweetie, Daddy didn't really like it, so I sent it back, but I appreciate you getting me the gift, so here's the money you spent on it (about $20) and extra (another $20)". 

And then she got really sad and said, "You didn't like it?" And I said, "No, but that's okay because I'm just happy that you even thought about me enough to break your piggy bank and get me a present."

I don't know what the heck is up with kids - they don't listen! She ran and told my wife that I said I "hated" her present"! I did hate it, but that's not even what I said! My wife said I should apologize, but I said no, apologize for what? I don't want her turning out spoiled. This is a good lesson for her to learn. If she had listened to my wife when she was trying to help her pick out the cologne, then she wouldn't have picked a cologne I didnt like, and I wouldn't have had to send it back. I think an apology is unnecessary and uncalled for.
I gave Ana her money back (and extra on top of that) and I think we should just leave it at that.

Right now, everyone is mad at me except the twins (but they're babies). I was going to just go apologize to keep the peace, but the more I think about, I don't think I did anything wrong that's worth apologizing for. Did I??My MIL and I had an okish, but extremely distant relationship. She is the most self absorbed person I've ever met and we are just very different people. I don't think she was happy when her son and I got engaged, but she for the most part stays out of her kids business. I'm pregnant which kind of rushed things, because I didn't want to be showing at my wedding, and I certainly didn't want to be wedding planning with a newborn, so we decided to push things up.

The only date we could get at the venue we really wanted was my in laws anniversary, which my husband did not know off the top of his head, and didn't know until MIL pointed it out. I felt kind of bad because it was her 25th, but I figured it wasn't a big deal. MIL has been more distant than usual. When a relative of mine asked if she was excited to be a grandma she said "kids are ok, I guess" When I asked to see what she was wearing to the wedding she refused to show me, which I have no idea why because there was nothing wrong with it.

During the wedding, someone on my side let us know that MIL was talking bad about us. I guess MIL's sister started it, but MIL chimed in that she would never be close to me because I got married on her anniversary, which ruined it (she still went on a trip) and that I'm trash.

My husband and I were obviously upset and confronted her. He accused her of being classist, but MIL was very adamant that she called me trash for getting married on her anniversary, not because I come from a lower socio-economic background. She then extended it to we are both trash and listed all of the things she was mad at me about, which consisted of the wedding, trying to approve of her dress, attempting to make fruit tarts with her "stolen" recipe, and calling her a bad mom for being married to FIL. the last one wasn't even me it was her other DIL, which I explained to her.

MIL said she believed me but it was still trashy to get married on her anniversary and not even "approach her and remind her she can leave early, no hard feelings" At that point I said she needed to leave, because she had called me trashy three separate times. MIL called me rude and overdramatic, but my husband agreed that it wasn't ok and her and FIL left.

The last time I saw her she was really short with me and pretty much ignored me. FIL didn't speak to me, but honestly he doesn't talk to anyone except MIL and seems to hate us all. Even SIL and BIL, who are pretty normal feel that I went too far and she was "just expressing herself to her sister" and didn't mean for me to hear it.[deleted]This is a throwaway. My stepdaughter is 17  and I married my wife when SD was 13. We have a daughter who is 3.

My SD does not know her dad and has never met him. My wife really struggled to make ends meet so my SD didn’t grow up with much and I know she was bullied for it. My wife busted her ass and there were times she went hungry so SD could eat.Things are better now with two incomes.

My SD get along but we are not close and she told me she is happy for her mom.

Two nights ago, My SD had a breakdown. She was sobbing and could barely breathe. Like it was bad. She told her mom that she wished that she was never born and that her mom should have had an abortion. She said its so unfair that everyone was so mean to her because she never had anything when she was little and it was so hard not having any friends. She said its not fair that she has to watch my daughter get everything while she struggles with not knowing if she will be able to afford college (I will be paying).She said she’s tired of going on vacations that catered to the baby and that she wants to go on a vacation for her. She said she was clearly the f\*\*\* up child and that my daughter was the redo baby and that It was cruel to make her watch. She said it was not fair that she had to be born and know that she was not as worth it. She called her mom a w\*\*\*\* for sleeping with a deadbeat and getting pregnant so young (18).

She has never shared anything like this before and were shocked. My wife was sobbing. I was angry because it was obvious my wife did her best and her life has been better for the past 4 years.

I told her to leave the house until she could calm down and she went to my cousins house (my cousin grew up with a single mom and bonded with SD). She still hasn’t returned and won’t speak to us and my wife is miserable. My cousin said it was wrong to kick out a child who was clearly distressed.

So AITA?

edit: I didn't mean for her to not come back. By leave, I meant to go on a walk/run just until she calmed down so that we could talk. I didn't mean for her to go to my cousin's home and not come back.

edit 4: got her to come home and she told us a lot about what happened in those years that she was hiding from her mom because she didn't want her to worry. I feel awful. going to take care of her for the rest of my life. they lived in a very bad area and the woman who used to watch her had Sex for money while SD was there. Her teachers have said horrible things to her. Her classmates parents never let their kid be friends with her. Kids at school used to take her lunch and told her she better get used to not eating. Someone told her its good that she's good at gymnastics because maybe she'll get into college or use her flexibility to have another job. Im sick to my stomach. There's more. Ofc she's traumatized.

edit 5: told her therapy is non-negotiable and that we are pulling the parent card. Taking her out for a shopping spree and planning a vacation for the three of us (no baby). Please tell me if you have better suggestions. do not want to mess this up more. Her mom is going to spend one on one time too and so am IOn mobile and excuse my grammar because I’m extremely tired/upset 



So I (29f) haven’t seen my family since the world bug unless it was FaceTime. 
I’m not really close to my family as I see them as close minded and not as forward thinking as myself so I don’t usually share information I don’t feel is necessary. when I found out I was pregnant in March I didn’t share it with anyone who didn’t need to know as in my boss, close friends,coworkers and my boyfriend.

In July I got an invitation to my brothers(27) wedding I figured it was the best place to let the family know I was having a child and catch up because it wasn’t like it was a proper wedding as it was a bbq in my aunts backyard. 
So today I show up after hours of driving hormonal and tired all of a sudden all attention was on me (as if I wanted it) between Congratulations and asking the name/gender in which I told everyone it wasn’t their business, 

My brothers Sil called me to the side and asked me my problem for taking attention away from the bride. I rolled my eyes and told her to tell rose if she thought my pregnancy was an issue she needed  help than walked off.
After that and a few nasty comments from the brides side I took my leave because the negative energy was bringing me down.

I have since gotten many phone calls calling me an attention seeker and said I made myself the main character of the day but IMO no one is owed my medical information nor did I stand up and make a pregnancy  announcement. I basically just showed upI (29m) have two kids, an 8 year old daughter and a 6 year old son. Their mom and I have been together since we were 14 and got married two years ago. We both have good jobs, so made the decision to send our kids to a really good private school in our city. I start work later than my wife so I do the school run. 

Because the school is a fairly small community, everyone knows each other and the yard before school starts is full of conversation. There’s 6 or 7 dads that I regularly talk to in the mornings, their children are in my sons class. There’s also a group of moms of children in the same class who do the same. We often banter around, making up harmless hypotheticals to have a laugh in the morning. As a joke, I asked the guys which of the moms they thought was the hottest, and they all laughed and gave their answers. That was that, didn’t think much of it. 

I’m assuming that one of the guys must’ve told their wives, who then told my wife, as when I arrived home that evening, my wife was pissed off and said that I was objectifying the women and that it was misogynistic of me. I said it was just a joke and that I miss that kind of harmless banter from before we had kids and she just told me to grow up. AITA?My(22f) sister, Alice(29f) had some fertility issues. She eventually got pregnant a few years ago. Alice wanted the gender of the baby to be a surprise, so she wouldn't know until he was born. She ended up picking out 2 names, one if it was a boy and one if it was a girl(her child was a boy). 

When she was talking about girl names, she floated the idea Sandra, and her nickname could be Sandy. She did not end up using the name, and it wasn't even their pick for the name if it was a girl, it was their second or third choice. 

Anyway, fast forward to last week, I found and rescued an orange cat. After I knew she wasn't lost, I decided that I would keep her. I was trying to think of names that would work, and one of my friends suggested Sandy. This friend did not know that my sister had brought up the name Sandy for her child. 

I loved the name, and decided that was what I was going to be naming her. When I told my parents and sister about this, my sister got kind of quiet and asked if I could change it. She said that Sandy was what she wanted to name her daughter if she had one. 

I honestly did not know she was trying to have another child, and did not even make the connection or remember she also liked the name. 

She said that I should change it and would be an asshole for "stealing her name". 

I really like the name Sandy for this cat. WIBTA if I didn't change it?When my sister was 16 my parents kicked her out of the house because she came out to them. I was 7 at the time. I have never really been close with her, especially after she went NC. I was raised mostly as an only child and feel like one.

It's been 19 years since then and both parents passed recently in a car crash. As their only their inheritance went to me. It's 7 figures in all. Not never work again money but enough to have a comfortable life. I miss my parents but I know they want me to have a good life, so the first thing I did was take my girl out on the road in a new RV. I'll save most of the rest of the inheritance but I wanted to do something nice for her.

Cue angry Facebook messages from my sister about how I need to give her some of my money. Because my parents "wronged" her and she deserves a cut of the chunk. Sister also thinks I owe her an apology for "living on the dime of homophobes." I declined as the will is not in her name and we are not close. She just had a baby which isn't easy for her but you can't expect me to give money to someone I have no rapport with.

Sister however is blasting my FB and has posted that I'm an asshole and "enabling" my parents. My aunt also called me to try and get me to change my mind. I get she's struggling but I don't have a relationship with her and it would be like paying out to a total stranger AITA?[removed]So I work as a retail-cashier and this old-woman comes in with her granddaughter. The granddaughter wanted to buy this toy that was 10.99. The only problem was that she decided to pay for it in ALL QUARTERS. So I try to count all these quarters as quickly as possible and she only had 9 dollars. The grandmother digs out a bunch of NICKELS, PENNIES and DIMES out of her purse so I have to try to count that as quickly as possible! It was every cashier’s worse nightmare! I felt like I was on an episode of Sienfield. After the transaction was finished, I inform them that they can go to any bank and have their coins exchanged for cash. The grandmother snippily tells me I should be grateful because there’s a change-shortage. I internally-panic when I see the grandmother has a transaction of her own until I see her pull out a credit-card. I say “Oh? You had a credit-card this whole time?” She yells at me that her granddaughter spend her own money before asking for my manager. Getting the manager for customer-complaints isn’t a thing where I work so I just hand her, her receipt and tell her to have a nice day. AITA?Both 26 from the UK. My fiance is a bit overweight (200lb, 5'11"). He used to be much more overweight but he got down to this weight and can't seem to get any lower despite trying new diets every other week. 

This upsets him quite a lot, he hates his body and still sees himself as very overweight. I find him attractive but my preference is for thin/fit bodies, I can't really help that. I never told him my preference because I didn't want to hurt him.

He was fit when we got together age 21 and then started gaining a ton of weight due to a drinking/binge eating problem at 22. Thankfully he is doing much better now.

Yesterday we were looking at old pictures of each other. When my boyfriend was 16-19ish he was extremely fit and played sports. He was muscular and I have to admit he was very good looking. 

He gets very depressed thinking about school, he misses it and feels like his life peaked then. He told me to be honest and asked me if I thought he looked better then, I said "yes in some ways, but you're not a teenager anymore". 

He then asked me if I preferred his old body and if I thought he should get back to that. I decided to just be honest, and I told him that he looked healthier and more confident then, and he would look great if he got back to his old weight (like 150lbs). I told him that sometimes his weight and laziness with diets bothers me, especially because I'm active and healthy.

He got a bit upset with me, he feels like I "lied to him" about being attracted to his current body. Tbh I did a bit, but I didn't want him to feel bad about himself. He also said it's not realistic for him to get that skinny at 26 and he thinks my expectations are too much.  

Now he is sulking, he stopped eating and he won't take his shirt off around me. Maybe I could have been gentler, but I've been gentle for months and it hasn't helped his weight loss or body image.
_______________________
***Edit***

I think I didn't really realise how low 150lbs was because I don't usually use American measurements. I just used them for the benefit of all the americans in here. 

It is absolutely fine if he can't get to that weight, and I told him that. I know he isn't young anymore. I think he needs to lose around 30lbs (he agrees) but there's no need to go below that.Brett is a "casual" friend of mine. 

We became friends through other mutual friends and will occasionally grab a beer during lunch, but won't really hang out together unless it's an-involved bigger group activity (like bowling). He's a nice guy, likes good music and *The Yankees* but isn't weird about it since he knows I don't know shit about baseball. 

Anyway last year, my SO and I were invited to his wedding and got a *Save the Date* in the mail. Due to the pandemic, the wedding was postponed and they had to reschedule for this year. 

They sent out revised *Save The Dates* and the wedding falls on a weekend that my SO and I are planning to move. We couldn't do it any other weekend, and since Brett is only a casual friend I figured he wouldn't be heartbroken if we couldn't make it to his big day...especially considering the circumstances. Moving is hella stressful. At some point they mailed us an RSVP, but the house is in such chaos right now I'm almost positive I threw it away by accident. 

I figured it was no big deal, I was meeting Brett for lunch anyway (this was last week) and I'd just let him know in-person that we weren't able to make it, but we'd still get him a gift off his wedding registry. I was aiming for the *Kitchen Aid* toaster.

Brett and I met for a beer and it was a good lunch, we chatted about work and video games, etc. and of course the topic of the wedding came up. He asked me if I got my RSVP and I told him we received it. I explained the situation, said it was unavoidable but we were going to be moving that weekend and wouldn't be able to make it. He seemed only mildly disappointed, but totally understood. But then that's where the problem came up. 

He asked me to just mail back in the RSVP with "no" in the box. I asked why, since I was telling him in-person. He was insistent that I send him back a physical copy. I asked if I could just text him a reminder so he could write it down. He said he gets a lot of texts per day. I asked maybe an email reminder? he refused, said he gets a lot of work emails.  

Me: “Why do I need to mail back the card? I just told you I’m not coming?”

Brett: “I’ll forget... The cards are the only way for me to keep track.”

Me: “Well, I may have already thrown it out.”

Brett: “What? Why?!”

Me: “I knew we were meeting! And, well, I'm pretty sure it didn’t have pre-paid postage!”

Brett: “Oh, so that’s it, huh? Can’t spare the extra 47¢?”

Me: “It’s 2021! Who even has stamps?! I’d need to find out where a post office is, then do I walk? Take an Uber? And once I’m there, do I buy a single stamp or a full sheet? Maybe one of those rolls? It’s just all too much.”

Brett: “Maybe it’s better that you don’t come.”

Me: “I wasn't coming anyway!”

I offered to write down my RSVP on a napkin for him but the lunch was pretty much over.

I'm still getting him a toaster.

AITA?

**EDIT**

Not that it really matters but Brett is still getting an $80 toaster out of this

**EDIT 2**

Call me an asshole all you want but maybe take a breath and relax before writing me a [surprisingly lengthy] DM describing how you're going to kick my ass over something you read on the internet.I (26F) live with my sister and BIL.  I moved in with them last year after losing my job and my lease ended at my apartment.  My sister and I have always been really close, but BIL and I have struggled to get along ever since I met him.  We just don't really have much in common, but we aren't hostile towards each other.  

Last weekend, my sister and her 2-year old son went to a zoo with some other friends and I was at home with BIL.  BIL was doing some work outside while I was inside working.  I got a new job about 2 months ago that allows me to WFH and I love it.  But I am still in a probationary period and don't have a lot of leeway in terms of taking time off and have daily deadlines I need to meet.  

Around lunchtime, BIL came inside to cool off because it was really hot out and was complaining of chest pains and having trouble breathing.  He got some water and sat down to rest, but when the pain wouldn't go away, he asked me to take him to the hospital.  I told him that I had deadlines I needed to meet and couldn't get away from work because I was still technically on probation.  He told me to tell my job that it's an emergency but I told him to call an ambulance instead.  

He said that an ambulance is expensive and he just needs to be dropped off at the hospital, I don't need to stay with him.  He said it will maybe take 30 minutes round trip.  I told him I don't want to risk my job and called 911 for him instead.  The ambulance came and picked him up within minutes.

Not even an hour later, my sister calls me and freaks out on me.  She starts swearing at me asking me wtf I was thinking by refusing to take BIL to the hospital.  I try to explain what happened but she just keeps yelling at me so I hang up on her and try to get back to work. 

I guess she cut her day at the zoo short because her and my nephew showed up about an hour later and she basically dumped her kid on me and told me to watch him so she can go to the hospital.  I told her I still have work to do but she said I either watch the kid or I get the hell out of her house right then.  

So I put something on TV for the kid and finished up my work.  My sister and BIL came home about 2 hours later.  I guess BIL had heat exhaustion, but all the tests on his heart and lungs came back ok.  BIL just glared at me when they got home and he went straight to their bedroom.  I tried to talk to my sister but she told me she has nothing to say to me because she's so upset and disappointed.  

She told me that we are going to have a serious talk about when I am going to move out, because it is clear to her that my priorities aren't aligning with theirs right now.  I tried to explain to her but she cut me off and said she doesn't want to hear a single word out of my mouth unless it's "sorry."

Neither of them have spoken to me since and I've pretty much been hiding in my room out of fear of them yelling at me again.  I feel I did the right thing, but am I really the asshole?[removed]anon because my gf is a redditor. She (22F) has been obsessed with coloring her hair since she was a kid. As soon as she was able, she’s been coloring her hair crazy colors. So far she’s done red, blue, purple, and blonde highlights, but never her whole head, usually only the bottom half of her hair. I’ve never been a huge fan of it, but since it’s not her whole head, I was able to get over it pretty easily. It’s been about a year since her last hair color and she just cut off the last of the bleach from her head a few months ago, but now she’s talking about dyeing half her head hair black and green, a bright green. I (21M) have never been a fan of this look in anyone, and I think she’s beautiful the way she is. Such loud hair would only distract people from her natural beauty. She knows how I feel about it, so she’s been holding off this on this look. I don’t know what possessed her to suddenly decide she wants it again (she has been having a ton of self confidence improvements lately, which I love seeing), but she booked an appointment and everything without telling me. Her friends were so excited that they gave her money for the appointment. I wasn’t so enthusiastic about the idea, and I didn’t hide that. When asked, I was honest with how I felt and how I think it would make her look, which we’ve discussed before, but I also mentioned that at the end of the day it was her body and she can do whatever she wants with it. Seeing my lack of enthusiasm and actual hatred for the style seemed to deflate her, and after a talk about it, she decided to cancel the appointment. Her friends are kind enough to let her keep the money in case she changes her mind or even use it for Christmas presents, but it broke my heart to see her go from so excited to so defeated just from hearing the opinion she already knew she was going to get from me. AITA?

Edit: her friends gave her the money as a holiday present to get the style. We’ve also been together for 10 years this year. Someone mentioned it “doesn’t count” since we were kids, but when she was 12 and I was 11 she said she had a crush on me and I was so excited that this cool older girl liked me that I said yes to be her boyfriend. I told her I loved her for the first time when I was 15 so if you want to not count our little years, we’ve been officially dating for 6 years

Quick update: a lot of you really ripped me a new one, and honestly I deserved it. One in particular really opened my eyes to just how much my opinion and my word matters to my girlfriend, and how much I’ve taken that for granted. Not anymore. From now on, I’m putting her and her feelings first. I called the salon this morning and asked if her appointment had been filled yet. Thankfully, not yet. I rebooked it and I’m going to take her in as a surprise. I’ll tell her I’m taking her out to a fancy lunch so she’ll be all dressed up and looking stunning to show off her new hair. Her appointment is on the 21st, so I’ll update all of you when the time comes!

Update 2: a sorta sad one this time. My girlfriend stayed the night and when we were eating breakfast this morning, she got a phone call from the salon saying they had to cancel her appointments due to the omicron outbreak in our area. They told her the dates and she was confused. Some of you know she had already booked another date for herself outside of my surprise day. I was stupid enough to put the appointment back under her name since they already had her file, so the salon told her the two dates she had supposedly booked and had to cancel both. She asked the salon to call her back once they have available dates again, which they said would most likely be in January, and she would rebook then. So yeah, surprise ruined and she can’t go to the salon to get her hair when planned anyway. I was bummed when I got the news but she immediately lifted my spirits by hugging me and crying, which made me cry too. I can’t believe I tried to suppress this beautiful, amazing girl in the stupidest way, and I’m so lucky she decided put up with it for so long. She won’t have to anymore, and I promise her that. Thanks Reddit for helping me see just how much I need to let my gorgeous star shine.

PS: for those of you saying I shouldn’t let her get dressed up for a bright hair dye, you were right and she made sure to drill that fact in my head, LOL[removed][removed][deleted][removed]She is hourly, and not paid a high enough wage to warrant her needing to check emails after hours.  I'm paid a high salary in a 24/7 production type job.  I check my email once a day to make sure I didn't seriously screw the pooch on something before I left, but thats it.  I do have a problem with her reading emails and starting to worry about work when she isn't paid to, every time she gets copied on a work email.  I get that she doesn't want to walk in blind next week. But she'll have plenty of time to read missed emails on the plane ride home.

Am I the asshole to getting her phone and blocking her work email notifications behind her back?[removed]My husband has one sibling, Susan. Susan and her husband James got married the same year my husband and I did. By 2020, my husband and I were expecting our third child. Susan and James were looking into adoption as they haven't been able to have children. When we found out we were expecting [son], Susan started asking if we wanted to give him up to them and only have two children. 

While my youngest child is my last, obviously we weren't going to give him up. I was tired of people acting like it was my responsibility to give children to the entire family, but my husband wanted them to think that it was their choice to stop asking, so my husband and I came up with an offer. 

We would give up [son] to Susan and James under the following conditions: we got to name him, we would get him for summers and some weekends so he could know his siblings, and they wouldn't be allowed to raise him under their religious beliefs, only ours. Oh, and the baby could choose what to call us. We wouldn't discourage any title, even mom and dad. All conditions that NOBODY in their right mind would ever adopt under. They stopped calling after that and the rest of the pregnancy and the 4th trimester passed as peacefully as possible. Susan and James even came to visit us a few weeks ago.

Last week, we got a call from them saying that they were now totally cool with those restrictions and wanted to move ahead with an adoption. Apparently their visit made them realize that they would "accept anything" to raise [son]. I was shocked and told them that that wasn't really ever on the table, that I had only said that because I thought it would make them realize it was never happening. 

Now they've gotten my husband's parents involved. They say the fact that we were able to joke about such a thing means that we don't deserve to have any of our children, let alone [son] and that we shouldn't offer deals that we never intended to hold up. My husband's parents think that it would be fine either way because two children is plenty, and the baby will get better attention and still "know who his parents are" but that we owe Susan and James a major apology for giving them hope and that [son] will think we don't love him because we thought that was joke material. 

I don't think this deserves an apology because who would ever think that kind of response was a serious offer? What would that apology even be? Now things are strained and we might get barred from Thanksgiving. Am I in the wrong here?I have 3 kids, "Mark" (15M), "Shelby" (12F), and "Hannah" (9F). Hannah, being the baby of the family, always wants to do what her siblings are doing. If Mark starts playing a new video game, Hannah wants to play too. If Shelby starts wearing her hair a certain way, Hannah will copy her. It's cute until it isn't. Sometimes, Hannah gets in way over her head trying to copy her siblings. A few months ago, she hurt her ankle badly trying to copy a skateboard trick that Shelby had done. If her siblings get to do something that she can't (ex: height limits on rides has always been an issue, social media, watching/reading certain things) it becomes a whole thing where she gets upset and pitches a fit. I've tried to do something about that, my wife has tried talking to her about it, and even when it's explained to her that she's just not quite ready for things that her siblings are, she still throws tantrums.

The other day, Mark and Shelby were out in the living room watching Child's Play. Our rules as far as watching things in common spaces are that anyone who can't watch whatever is on has to stay in their room. It goes for the older kids as well, if my wife and I are watching something they can't watch, we'll pause it and wait for the kids to go back to their rooms. I sat down with them for a minute when the movie had just started and Hannah came out into the living room. I made my other kids pause the movie and told Hannah she had to grab whatever she came for (assuming she was going to the kitchen) and go back to her room. She refused and was nearing a tantrum. I gave in and told her fine, she could stay, but on the condition that she had to sit through the entire movie. Hannah scares *very* easily. We took the kids to see Scary Stories when it first came out and my wife had to take Hannah out  midway through because she'd freaked out and started crying. I thought this would be a decent learning experience to show Hannah that she can't always have her way. She sat through the whole movie quietly, but I could tell it freaked her out. She'd go back and forth covering her eyes and her ears. 

My wife wasn't home for that, and Hannah told her what happened later on because my wife was tucking her in and she asked for the light to be left on and the door open. My wife absolutely lost it on me, telling me that I traumatized Hannah and saying I'm irresponsible. Hannah hasn't touched her American doll that she normally sleeps with since, and she refused to come out and watch another (not horror) movie with us last night. Every time I say something, my wife finds a way to make it about how I was wrong for what I did to Hannah. I think it was a lesson she needed to learn. AITA?I have had a difficult relationship with my older sister for years, she is my half-sister, and due to a strained relationship with our mum, I have struggled with our relationship for years. At times we have come together to support each other when our mum has been unreasonable, and at times we have clashed because I have seen how she has hurt our mum.

My mum has done a lot over the years to help us both, and a number of years ago, my mum bought her a house, but they ended up arguing a lot about it, and the family have been largely no contact with her, but since COVID I had been talking to her more and getting closer to her, which had caused arguments with our mum.

During COVID, I lost my job, moved house, and decided to open a Bridal Store in our city. My sister has also become engaged to her long-term boyfriend, which we were all really excited about and happy about, who doesn't love a wedding?

We had previously discussed wedding dresses, and she had tried one on before she got engaged, and once she got engaged, I told her there was no rush as she isn't getting married until 2023 and we would wait for the new season gowns to arrive before looking. She found a dress that she loved, and told me she was booking an appointment to try it on, this was a gown that I could order for her from one of my designers, I didn't think much of it. \*EDIT\* I had offered her any dress at cost price, and she had not tried any gowns on with me since she got enegaged\* 

A few weeks ago, I got a phone call from her where she told me she really didn't like the dress she went to try, but she tried on other gowns and eventually spent over £2,000 on a wedding dress. I told her on the phone I couldn't talk as I was busy. The store she bought from is one of my biggest competitors.

I was really upset, and felt really disappointed; this is a brand new business and my own sister doesn't want to buy from me. The more I thought about it, the more I realised i was disappointed that she hadn't even given me the respect to come to me, and she went to the other store and bought her dress on a whim. There is no time pressure or any particular reason. I was, and well over a month later I get really upset when I think about it. I don't want to go to her wedding or have any involvement in her wedding now.

As time has gone on, I have thought that it could be because she wouldn't want my mum to be involved as she is still no contact and I don't really see that changing. I respect and understand her decision, but I have personally decided life is better with mum and dealing with her sometimes challenging behavior.

Our family has varied opinions as to whether I am right to want nothing to do with the wedding and whether I am overreacting. I honestly don't think I am, but maybe I am the asshole for getting so upset over a wedding dress.I’ve been with my gf for about 6 months, and we’ve started hanging out with our groups of people, introducing each-other to them, being more “official”. Last night was my turn to meet my gf’s friends; she was actually invited to a friend’s birthday get-together and the friend had told her to bring me as well. 

At the event, another girl, Beth, was there as well. She is a friend of the birthday girl, but not of my gf. In fact, my gf doesn’t particularly like her, saying she has a habit of badmouthing people, and the common friend (birthday girl) has implied in the past that Beth has done the same thing to my gf.

We were at a restaurant, and me and my gf happened to sit across Beth. My gf doesn’t do red meats or red wine, opting for white wine and seafood mostly. I am a huge steak and red wine guy, and when Beth ordered the same thing, I joked “Huh, I’m dating the wrong friend”. I could feel the temperature drop on my gf’s side, and when we got home, she lashed at me for saying that, and of all people, to Beth. I told her it’s not a big deal as it’s just a joke, and she said I could have made any other joke, and now Beth would probably talk shit about how “her bf liked me” all over town. I think this is petty girl drama, but I do feel bad for making her feel bad. AITA?

EDIT: Thank you everyone. It was quite a ride going through all the comments. I’ve been told by my gf before that my jokes push it quite a bit too much, but I didn’t think one of my jokes would hurt and make her feel disrespected, or I wouldn’t have done it. I’m taking her out tomorrow to make it up to her. Seafood and white wine will be on my menu.Throwaway disclaimer. 

My oldest kid is in first grade. For obvious reasons, he did not have a normal kindergarten experience and this year, while better than last, is still not totally normal. Anyway, we have parent teacher conferences coming up next week and this is our first time having a real conference (they didn't do them last year). My wife mentioned that she arranged for her mom to watch the kids so we could both go and I was honestly surprised. I asked if we really needed to go. She looked at me like I was stupid or something and said hello, do you not care about our child's education? I said of course, but what is the teacher going to tell us that we don't already know? Teachers tell you immediately when there's some sort of problem, so if there was a problem, we'd know by now. And what do we have to go for if it's fine? My wife realized she had no answer, so changed her tack to, well, shouldn't we get to know the person who spends 6 hours a day with our son. So I said, she's welcome to, I don't see why I need to. It's school, not a babysitter coming into our home. The school hires good, qualified people, and anyway, next year there will be a different person spending 6 hours a day with our kid. Anyway, my wife got mad and stormed out and I don't really understand, although this is clearly important to her. AITA for pointing out that parent teacher conferences are pretty pointless and thinking I shouldn't have to go?M24. I had two best friends in college, Justin and Nathan. Justin is getting married next month. My fiancée and I were invited to his wedding. Justin has met my fiancée several times and they are friendly but it’s not like they are close or anything. 

A couple weeks ago I learned that Nathan was not invited to the wedding after I messaged him asking him about the wedding as I thought it would be nice to coordinate some things. That’s when I learned he hadn’t been invited. I thought that was terrible so I messaged Justin asking what was up. 

Justin claimed the wedding was going to be super small and he couldn’t invite everyone. I told him that i had talked ro my fiancée and both agreed that it would be fine to have Nathan dome instead of my fiancée. 

Justin declined and set he wouldn’t be changing the guests that had already invited. I asked what the real reason Nathan wasn’t invited and he refused to give any other reason other than keeping the wedding small. I find this very fishy and a slap in the face to Nathan. I have no idea what the reasoning is and after talking to Nathan neither does he. 

I told Justin my fiancée and I were no longer coming as I didn’t think it was fair that Nathan wasn’t invited. I said that the only way we would come is if Nathan were there or I was given a valid reason as to why Nathan wasn’t invited. Justin got mad at me and said it was rude to change my RSVP. AITa?

Not sure why people think I’m trying to dictate a guest list. I just inquired and tried to say that my plus one didn’t need to come if the amount of guests was the issue. 

Also, Justin Nathan I wer am best friends who told each other everything. If there was actually an issue between the two I would know. There isn’t an issue between the two because Nathan has no idea why he wasn’t invited and Justin, Nathan and I constantly chatted in our group that prior to this incident. 

Also any name calling and rudeness will be reported to the mods. Calling someone a child while insulting someone is hypocritical.Yesterday, me and my two kids \[11M and 15F\] were decluttering our closets. I realized that we all had plenty of clothes we never wore just sitting around and gathering dust, so the plan was to try and sell as many of them as we could at the local market and donate the rest.

As I was digging through some old boxes I hadn't opened in years, I found several of my favorite dresses, skirts and blouses from back when I was a teenager in the early 90s. They brought back so many good memories and I even tried some of them on, but I quickly realized that I gained more than a little bit of weight since then and there was no way in hell I was ever gonna fit into those things again.

I still wanted to see the way they looked on an actual person though, one last time before selling them or giving them away for good. So I called my 15 year old daughter and asked her to try a few of them on herself. She has the same tall and slender figure I used to have when I was younger, and in a way I guess I thought seeing her wearing those clothes would be a bit like seeing my own self in them again. I figured she wouldn't mind, it would only be for a brief few minutes at most and the only person who'd ever see her in them would be me.

As you can already guess though, my daughter was completely against this. She's always liked baggy, shapeless clothes like jeans and boxy T-shirts, and reacted horribly when I suggested she tries on a dress or even just a plain blouse for a few minutes. It took a whole lot of begging and insisting on my part for her to finally agree to try one of the dresses on, and even then it was only after I threatened not to take her and her brother to their weekly swimming classes anymore. I never actually intended to follow through with the threat though, I was still going to take them both to their classes regardless of whether she'd agree to wear some of my old clothes or not. I was just looking for a way to finally get her to try on one of the dresses, but I suppose I could've handled it better.

Still though, I fail to see why it was such a big deal to my daughter. I would NEVER force her to go out in public wearing clothes she doesn't like or doesn't feel comfortable in, and I'm happy to let her express herself however she wants. This time though, nobody else was going to see her in those clothes but me, and she was gonna get to take them off after less than a few minutes. Would it really have been such a big deal if she put them on for one or two minutes at most? I honestly don't see any harm in all this, but my daughter does and has been upset with me ever since.

Did I act like an asshole? I would really appreciate some of your guys' thoughts.I know that it sounds bad but hear me out. I 25 (M) am pee shy I have been since middle school and my wife knows this about me. I am in therapy for it and other anxiety related issues but I still am unable to pee in public restrooms. 

So me and my wife attended her very close childhood friends wedding it was a very large wedding. Of course knowing I couldn’t use the bathroom I didn’t drink too much I had one beer and one bottle of water. But as time dragged on I had to pee worse and worse. I tried using the bathroom but I just couldn’t go. I also tried using a bottle in the car same result. 

By 11 PM rolled around we had been out for 8 hours and I had to pee worse than I ever have in my life. I was concerned that I was going to wet myself. I explained to my wife my situation and said we had to leave. Our house is an hour and 1/2 away. My wire wad adamant that I hold it till she was ready to leave. I tried waiting and using the bathroom again both failed.

I was at my breaking point and told my wife I was leaving and to say her goodbyes or find another ride home and started to walk out. After saying her goodbyes to the bride and groom my wife followed. But she has been furious at me for making her leave early  . AITALast update: **Things are okay and we're okay. I apologised, she understood. Thanks for all the help :)**

**UPDATE: Sandra is texting me back. I'll call her soon too. I apologised and we're talking it out, things are going better than I hoped. I know the final judgement hasn't been decided but tbh I am TA. I should have waited and i know that now. I was in the wrong. Thanks for the help. I'm glad about how things turned out, you lot helped me write my apology too :)**

ETA: Both Sandra and Sam agreed to be godparents way before I was pregnant. This was finalised before, not at the party.

I (25F) found out I was pregnant about 3 weeks ago. We decided to wait until we told. Our friends are like our family. We share everything with each other, right when they happen so this was not typical behaviour.

2 friends in the group are "Sandra" (28F) and her husband "Sam". Sandra can't biologically have children. They found out about it a month ago (hence why waited to announce the pregnancy). Both of them were sad about it. Sam and I grew up together, so I know how much he wanted kids.

Both my husband and I knew we had to tell our friends. I already had started to show symptoms and I don't want them to feel like I kept this from them. We are very close. All of us have been friends since forever. Most of us have not-so-great family too so we're each other's chosen family. We wanted to share this happy moment with them.

We called everyone over to our house. Everyone already knew something great happened because I always make cookies when I good news. I told them, yeah something great has happened and that I was pregnant! I told them that I found out a month ago (As a response to someone who asked) "Kelsey"(another friend) told me she was hurt we didn't tell them immediately like she did when she was pregnant. Everyone was happy for us, or so I thought. I felt so much relief after telling them.

Sam gave me a hug and I could see he was happy-sad and I told him that I actually wanted him to be the godfather of our baby. He just kept hugged me and I started crying (out of happiness). I didn't notice until Kelsey's husband pointed out but Sandra was no longer sitting on the couch. I went to the kitchen to check on her and she was crying. I told her i'm sorry if this was difficult considering her news, and asked her if she needed anything at all. She didn't say anything just went to the living room. I followed her and she just turned around and said "you're a bitch". I was shocked and I guess said "what" and laughed.

She said I was so insensitive and that I "purposefully got pregnant". She was sobbing and I just didn't know what to do. My friends comforted her while sam and my husband checked on me. Later it was just Sandra, sam, my husband and me because my husband said whatever this was we had to talk about it since we were family. Sandra said it was a jerk move to announce my pregnancy just 3 weeks after she found out she couldn't have kids and that there was nothing to talk about. She left and Sam stayed back to apologise.

This happened a week ago, no one has heard from sandra. I can't sleep, I feel so guilty. Everyone insists i'm not the asshole but they might be biased because who tells a pregnant women they're an asshole right? So i'm hoping you guys will tell me the truth because if i'm in the wrong I need to apologise.[removed]My sister and I have never gotten along, I can't really stand to be in the same room with her. She has always been extremely jealous of me because she was boring and antisocial where I've always been prettier and more popular. I've mostly ignored her at family events for years but this year I want to tell my parents to not invite her.

About a year ago I decided to divorce, things were no longer working with my husband so I chose to end it. He did not take it well, he had moved to my home area and just never bothered to make any friends of his own. His lack of support isn't my problem but I have tried to join him for supper once a month (no kids involved).

It turns out my sister and her husband have still been talking to my ex! Apparently they meet up with him any time they are in town to see our parents. 

When I found out I was livid so I called my sister up. I told her it was disrespectful to me that they would keep in contact with my ex. She had the nerve to say that they still like him as a friend and want to keep supporting him. She then went even further to ask if he could join us for Christmas dinner, stating my ex's family is all 4000km away and because I sold the house at a loss (just wanted to be done with it) he has no money to see his family. Unfortunately he has chosen to stay in the area because of his job.

I lost it and started screaming at her that she needs to support family that there is NO WAY my ex is coming to Christmas dinner. She said he was family for 10 years and alone for the holidays, I should be more kind. I hung up on her.

It's been a week and she still has not apologized. If she won't support me I don't want to be around her. So WIBTA for telling my parents to leave my unsupportive sister out of Christmas?

Edit: Wow I cannot get over how mean some people have been, you think I'm terrible? Get a mirror. In 3000char I was just trying to be brief, she was jealous she would say so, growing up even though she was a year older I was forced to take her everywhere because she had no friends, by 16 I started ditching her at the Mall. She would mock my makeup tutorials. All her issues focused on my looks and friends. She went to college first so I just picked one far away from her 

Sold house at a loss because the market was bad and it had been 6mo after the split, if I knew it was going to rebound I would have waited

Several asked for ages, I'm 31, sis 32, ex&bil are 35, parents late 60s.Context: My family, (Mom (52f), Dad (54m), Me (30m), my sister Neza (27f), and my twin brothers Mark and Lucas (25m), grew up dirty poor. However, my parents always provided us with everything we needed and more. I would say we had a pretty good childhood, filled with love and care.  Somehow, they managed to put us for through college, stopping us from going into debt. Sadly, this means that their already hurt finances suffered even more. Out of the four of us, Neza´s tuition was the most expensive, since she decided she wanted to go to college out of the state. We all tried to talk her out of this, but she was adamant on 1.- Going out of the state and 2.- My parents paying for her. In 5 years of college, she never had a job.

About a year ago, my parents confided to me that they wanted to start saving up for their retirement, but they were unable to since they were still paying loans they took to pay for college and other expenses. I decided to tell my siblings and came up with a plan to give our parents an “alimony” (don´t know if this is the right word), for my parents to be able to save some money while staying on top of the bills.

All my siblings agreed to contribute to this “alimony” and I have written proof of that. I made the arrangements, set up the account and we started paying. Since I was the one that came up with the idea, I am paying 50% of the total amount, the twins pay 15% each and Neza pays the rest.

Neza hasn’t been paying what we agreed to almost since the beginning. She always has an excuse to not pay even tho we all know that she has the means to do it. Yesterday I went to collect the payment and I realized that Neza, again, had not made it and there was even money missing from the account. Not going to lie, I was furious, because my siblings and I made an agreement, and she was violating that. I send her a text message:

“This is the last time I talk to you about this. You have the moral obligation to contribute to our parent’s finances given that they are mostly ruined because of you. Make the payment or I will take you off the account and tell my parent the raised an ungreatful woman”.

She later called me screaming and yelling at me that I am not her father, and she can do with her money whatever she wants to. She said that our parents made the choice to pay for her college and she owes them nothing.

I told the twins what happened, and while they agree with me, they also said Neza was right. She does not owe our parents nothing, but would be nice of her to try and repay them. AITA?

EDIT: 1.-  Neza had a massive tantrum and threteaned to cut contact with my parents if they did not pay for her college. Everything she has now is because my parents chose to support her when they had no obligation to. 

2.- I did not force her to sign ANYTHING. We, as siblings, decided that paying a little alimony to our parents is nothing in comparison with what they did. We ALL agreed to this. [deleted]This story takes place over the course of the past year or so. For some context to this story, this is in Australia, my daughter is currently 16 and an "artist", I am 58, we live in an extremely rural area. I'm on mobile so please forgive me for formatting issues.

So, I was my daughters Mathematics Methods teacher from years 9-11.
A year ago (beginning of 2020) during her year 10, my daughter started acting out suddenly at home and eventually at school too. we think it's because of one of her friends who, honestly, is a complete asshole to her parents.
Around about the middle of that same year, she would start crying on every single trip to school, most of the time completely refusing to go. On the days I made her go, she would end up calling her mother during recess to take her home. On the days she refused to get out of bed, we would confiscate her phone, and we'd keep it for a few weeks every time. she still had her school-laptop during this though. This was around the time my daughter plainly told me she doesn't respect me.
In mid September 2020 or so, my daughter plainly told me she doesn't respect/love me or my wife, and ever since then has completely ignored all our presence at home. 
Skip forward to the same time in 20201, she actively avoids us, insults us, and has no respect for her family.
She only ever comes out of her room to eat, and never ever acknowledges us.

She has her own money from her drawings she makes on her laptop, so we never buy her anything except necessities, but around 3 months ago she came to me and her mother, casually telling us her laptop is old, crappy and broken from our friend's kids using it.
We don't usually buy her gifts because we believe she's old enough to get an actual job and buy her own things, but she's so lazy and refuses to do anything but draw "anime" in her room. I've seen some of her drawings here and there, and to me it's porn. The women in those drawings are naked, and she says that's the only way she can afford anything because we won't buy her anything. We don't want to reward her for this behaviour with a new laptop.
We told her a very Stern "No. Get a job." and she just started crying. again. 

Since then, every single conversation I've had with her has ended up in her yelling at me. Every single time. I'd tell her dinner is ready, and she'd tell me she'll "eat with her family when she actually gets a family". it hurts.
I'd ask her how her days been and she'd reply "fuck off.".
She's such a dramatic kid, she has life so good. She doesn't have a job, doesn't go to school, and still has free food and a place to live yet she still treats us like this?

The point is, I don't want to buy her anything she wants until she starts treating us with actual respect. AITA for not buying her a laptop, even when she "needs" one to do her 'art'?


EDIT:
some clarification:
My daughter was never really affectionate, so her refusing to hug us or anything is not out of the usual.

I originally would only take away her phone when she got bad grades, but now only take her phone when she actively disrespects us.

Yes, we did offer her counselling with an ex-student of mine. she went for a few weeks but stopped going after that because "crystals don't heal" even though they're calming.

I got someone saying I'm 'NTA' because she's disrespecting me, and I should never reward that. thank you to that commenter. I will log out after tonight so say your piece before I leave.My wife (33F) and I (33M) have been together for 13 years, and married for 12. I love her dearly. She’s intelligent, gorgeous, ~~agreeable~~ compassionate, and, above all, a wonderful mother to our ~~firstborn~~ first (and only) child (5M). Our relationship was…hostile soon after our marriage due to our fertility issues. Eventually, however, we reconciled once we were blessed with news of our son, and since then our relationship has been uneventful. \[EDIT: Yes, we argue! But we're very open with each other, and rarely go to bed angry.\]

As a STAHM, she cares for our son when he’s home from pre-school. I play an active role in our son’s life as well: I take him on walks, read him to sleep, play with him, etc. However, due to my job I often get home late, meaning she is with him more often than I am. This is relevant.

Now, the issue: my wife’s phobia of stink bugs. Every time she spots or hears one she squeals like a child, and it drives me up the wall. It’s so bad that she once found one crawling on her in our bed, and refused to sleep in our room for the next week. I offered to find her a therapist, but she’s refused.

This wouldn’t be much of an issue were it not for its impact on our son. He's begun to take after his mother. Now, whenever he sees one, he starts wailing like her, and is unconsolable for hours. It hurts seeing him that distraught; I don’t mind his tears, but knowing he’s hurting pains me—so much so that I’ve begun to resent my wife.

Yesterday was when I snapped. I was napping next to my son on the couch when I was jolted awake by glass shattering and my wife squealing. Worried that she was hurt, I raced into the kitchen, where I found her cowering in the corner, sobbing uncontrollably. When I asked her what had happened, she pointed to glass shards on the floor, where she told me she had dropped a plate on a stink bug.

At that moment, my son began crying. I saw red and barked at my wife, “This is the example you set for \[son's name\]?! Grow up!” To be honest, I had a few other choice words—none of which I remember—before storming off.

I tried apologizing to her last night, but she wouldn’t even look at me. She sent me a text this morning berating me for exploding in front of our son, an incident she claims constitutes verbal abuse.

AITA?

**EDIT: To be clear, I've begged her to receive help countless times over the years, but she has always refused; she won't even do it for our son, and she won't tell me why. I understand she can't just repress it—I was (am) upset that she wouldn't at least accept help.**[removed][deleted]
My m30 fiancee f32 works as a security guard in one of the malls in the city. She's well educated and very smart. Now I don't really care about who does what for a living but she keeps complaining about my friends (especially guy friends) playfully teasing her about her job saying it's manly and making passive comments like "oh here comes the security guy" or call her "mall cop" and making security guard related jokes. I told her this is who they are they like teasing and it's part of our bonding activities and shouldn't be taken seriously but she said she didn't like it and it had to stop.


I explained to the guys that this isn't cool and they needed to tone it down and they apologized and we moved on from this issue.

Days ago we were all hanging out at  the bar. My fiancee joined us and then there was some noise coming from the back. We all looked up and saw a couple yelling at each other. The lady yelled for the bouncer to come but one of my friends shouted back while pointing at my fiancee saying we got a security guard over here and *heee's* going to handle the situation. The entire group laughed except me. My fiancee looked around and saw some folks staring. She yelled at my friends calling them ignorants and they stopped laughing then she got up took her purse and rushed out. I followed her and we went home by an uber. My friends kept texting me about how hurt they were my fiancee called them ignorants.


I told her it was just a joke and she overreacted and called my friends hurtful names. She was shocked she told me it's weird that I feel so strongly about defending them but not doing the same for her when they keep throwing hurtful comments about her job and insulting her all the time. I said yes I get she felt offended but it was joke while her insult wasn't and let's say that she finds it very offending, still she should've been the bigger person and had some grace. I still think she overreacted and caused some tension. Also if she doesn't like being with them then she doesn't have to, end of story. They treat me well and are standup guys generally. She said fine she will no longer be around them but I should stop making her go to events where they're present which I'm not.

I went to bed but couldn't sleep because she was crying. I ended up taking the couch and called my sister to vent and she said yes my friends can be a bit much but my fiance should loosen up a bit and take a joke.

AITA for that?So this is a long one. I (30F) have a boyfriend (30m) and we dated in highschool then drifted apart as young ppl do. We started talking to eachother and became friends again while he was still living with his then pregnant fiancé (29F) I was there for him while they were going through a really rough patch. Before they broke up she’d show up wherever we were at and confronted me multiple times about our friendship. I assured her nothing was going on and it wasn’t good enough for her. She’s had a vendetta against me since then.
They broke up and I don’t know many details besides her fleeing and hiding for months with the baby after he was born. This was during covid and the custody hearing took a very long time. When he finally saw his son it was at a center where he had to be supervised with his baby. It was really cruel. During the time she cut my boyfriend out, our relationship grew and we moved in with each other. She then randomly started asking for money for the baby. We both told her that if she couldn’t afford to keep the baby full time that we could take the baby, if she had him full time she needed to be financially responsible for him. Before this was finalized the mother and me met in person, because she said she wasn’t comfortable with her son being around someone she didn’t know. I thought things were smoothed over, but obviously not.

She has NEVER liked me. She and my bf threw a joint birthday party for their son and I was not invited. She may think I’m petty but the day after the party I served her with papers for my bf to contest child support payments. She opened the door and all I said was I’m sorry and like a child she laughed at me and slammed the door in my face. I feel like all of this resentment has been building up between us both and have tried my hardest to not have any bad blood with her.
So this is where I need to know if I’m an asshole or not. She recently confronted me about some social media posts that one of our mutuals told her about, and believes are aimed at her. I had shared some posts regarding child support and custody things. It basically said that if a parent is keeping their child from another parent and using them as a pawn its abuse. She told me to stop inserting myself in their affairs, whether it’s custody, child support, or her son. She said I don’t know what she’s been through and sound ignorant. I told her I’ll insert myself where i see fit and if she believes my posts are aimed at her that’s on her. This was all over text and she never replied to me after I said this.
I think she’s an asshole for being rude to me, when I’ve done nothing wrong. But idk Reddit, you tell me am I the asshole?

Edit: a lot of people have brought up concerns about us having an emotional affair. We were only friends! I told her that I’m not the kind of woman to break up a family. It’s not my fault they broke up and then things progressed fast between us. We were highschool sweethearts so all of those feelings rushed back once he was available.
Also people are asking why he has supervised visits. Idk, he doesn’t talk to me about it, so I leave it be. 
Also just my social media posts were not aimed at her. If I thought those things l’d tell her directly. 
Also I served her bc my bf asked me to! Was I supposed to say no? After the way she’s treated me? It’s not fair. I’ve been more than accommodating to her and honest and it gets me no where with her, so I’m going to stand by my man.

Edit: this is my last edit and it’s in response to why he has supervised visits. She mentioned abuse, but I know him and he would never hurt a fly. She said he supposedly threw a car seat at her. He probably threw it out of anger and it landed in her general direction. She’s constantly exaggerating things to get things to go her way. I’m not a fucking side chick or just some little gf. We’ve known eachother over a decade, just bc I don’t have a ring doesn’t mean I’m not important enough to include in major life decisions. But y’all win, I hope you feel good about bullying me all day and treating me like a punching bag. I’ll take the ruling and ponder if I am just making things worse. Thanks for the input, I guess.My (19,F) friends agreed to have a sleepover at our other friend let's call Wendy's house. I'm not really close with Wendy, but she just has this weird personality where she's just overly sweet to the point where I can tell she's just lying.



We were all sitting down chatting casually until I lost my balance thanks to my friend and spilled my drink over Wendy by accident. She just told me it was 'alright' and kept telling me not to worry. She was being too much as usual but I just nodded and tried to divert everyone's attention away from her mess.



She then did something completely out of the blue and took off her shirt (even down to her bra) and slowly picked out another one to wear. This weirded me out and I asked if she was not embarrassed to start stripping so quickly like that but she said 'well we're all girls here' and giggled awkwardly. 



Obviously that was not fine, and I told her that so what if we were actually girls. It didn't necessarily mean we were all straight and she would be making whoever isn't uncomfortable by her actions. She got red and apologized. And I thought that was the end of it. But after I got back home my friends ganged up on me and told me not to do that again. AITA for calling her out?[removed]My husband's family visited us this past weekend. His parents and two sisters (Erin, 23 and Jess, 21) drove up on Friday, so that we could all hang out before Erin and Jess go back to school. We didn't have any major plans, we just wanted to hang out with each other. However, we ended up having drama with my husband's youngest sister and I'm still kind of annoyed. Here's how the weekend went:

Everyone arrived Friday afternoon. Jess immediately told us that she won't be joining us for dinner because one of her friends in the area (she went to high school nearby) invited her over. The rest of us ate at home, Jess came back pretty late.

On Saturday, MIL treated me, Jess, and Erin to manicures in the morning, and then Jess told us that another friend invited her to brunch. Jess comes back from brunch around 2, takes a nap until 4, then tells us she's going to a concert with some friends. She left before dinner, didn't get back until late.

Sunday is when the drama happened. Jess slept kind of late (until \~10), ate breakfast, and then pulled out her laptop.

Jess asks my husband for the wifi password. Husband wants to know what it's for; Jess tells him she has an assignment due tomorrow she needs to work on. Husband asks why she didn't work on it earlier in the weekend, Jess ignores the question and says that she needs the wifi password. Husband says he'll give it to her after she helps their mom clean up (MIL always puts sheets and towels in the laundry, vacuums, and helps with dishes before she leaves. She's pretty much the ideal house guest).

Jess gets mad, and asks me for the password. This is why I think I might have been an asshole...I said "sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of the vacuum." Jess grabs the car keys and tells us she's going to Starbucks so she can "actually get some fucking work done." She also said she was going to fail her assignment because of us. Now everyone's stressed out, since they were trying to leave before 12 and now someone has to persuade Jess to come back and pack her stuff. They ended up leaving a lot later than planned and Jess didn't say goodbye to either of us.

I've always gotten along with Jess, but I know she can be pretty demanding. On the other hand, I think if this assignment was so pressing, she should have worked on it instead of hanging out with friends all weekend. So, AITA for not just giving her the password?

ETA: I mentioned in a comment but Jess started yelling at my husband after he asked her why she didn't start the assignment earlier. Then she asked Erin for the password but Erin just ignored her. Then she asked me.

Some of y'all seem to be stuck on the "chores" we "make" our guests do...MIL always strips her bed, then asks the others to put their sheets and towels in the wash. While we're doing that, MIL will vacuum or put clean sheets on the bed. MIL asked Jess to put her stuff in the wash, Jess snapped "you do it, I'm busy" while eating breakfast.

ETA2: it's about time for AITA to bestow my verdict upon me, and it's pretty clear what it will be. I appreciate all of the comments and PMs, those were fun to read. There were a wide range of opinions, which was interesting...anyway, will be apologizing to Jess shortly! Throwaway.

Before you guys call me spoiled or something, I'll explain.

My parents are never home, and are always busy so they hired people to look after us. A cook, a maid, a nanny and a driver. The nanny "Maya" looks after my two year old sister.

I recently got a pet cat who I take care of myself and specifically asked everyone in the house to make sure my little sister does not go into my bedroom herself, because i dont want her to make a mess (the cat likes staying in my room).

I was in my grandmas house and when I came back, I wanted to play with my cat with his favourite toy, which would be like a laser.

It wasn't on my table (i still can't find it\_, and there were pieces of potato chips everywhere on the floor. There were toys thrown around and my cat was under the couch and he looked terrified. My maid listened and didn't walk into my room to clean all this up (shes only allowed in, while im home because of my cat, he gets scared)

Kinda new what happened and I lost my temper. I walked up to Maya and said "Why the hell did you let her into my room? You're her nanny! You're supposed to LOOK AFTER HER!" and I was so upset I started crying.

I tried calming my cat down, and he did, and i asked her where the laser was, she didn't know, and to go clean my room and proceeded to say "You are getting paid to look after that child, not to just sit around and DO NOTHING!" She told me my sister would have cried and I said "She's a fucking child. She has the attention span of a goddamn GOLDFISH! FUCKING DISTRACT HER!'

My older brother heard me crying and yelling and basically told me to calm down and yelled at me for yelling at Maya and told me the cat was my responsibility so i shouldn't blame her, and now I just want to know if I'm the AITA?I(42M) know how this title sounds - but there’s a reason for this! 

My wife (37F) and I have been married to well over a decade. We have three kids (6,9,11) together, all in school.

The issue of housework has become a hot button topic between us. 

Of course I have tried to help around the house in the past but her constant critiques of how I did housework has made it unsustainable. Here’s just a short list:

-Dishes still wet when they were put away 

-Dishes still “dirty” after cleaning and being put up (sometimes I accident miss a spot, or there’s a small bit dried on and I can’t get it off)

-didn’t hang up dishcloths/counter towels (she thinks wet ones are gross??)

-Mixed clothes, bedding, and towels in one load of laundry (she says they can’t be washed the same way and it’s “hard” to sort like that)

-Didn’t get it out of the washer in time, she claims she can smell them and just rewashes them anyway

-Didn’t change mop pad after cleaning the bathroom before cleaning kitchen floor - even though I’m using bleach

-Put leftovers away wrong (Yes really. Apparently using aluminum foil instead of fishing out Tupperware is the “wrong way”. )

I finally got sick of getting an earful for not being perfect all of the time and said that I wanted to help but not if I was going to be criticized for not doing everything just the way she wants it done. She actually told me to just stop helping if I wasn’t going to do a “good job” (according to her). And honestly, if she’s just going to redo everything it’s a massive waste of my time to try to help out in the first place! So for the last few years I’ve just let her do her thing to her standards.

Both of us work. I am a tradesman and have long, physical days. She, on the other hand, is a substitute teacher at the high school. Now I know that teenagers can be a handful, but it’s hardly taxing! 

Anyway we had a huge fight because the dishes in the sink hadn’t been washed and were piling up. She said that she cooked, cleaned, worked, took care of the kids, laundry, then asked me “what exactly do you even contribute??” 

I’m hurt that she feels like I don’t contribute and I feel like she’s TA for being critical instead of appreciative of my help and then acting put upon because she decided to do it all by herself. Most of my friends agree with me but my younger brother says that I’m TA for not taking on more housework.

TLDR: Wife criticizes my every attempt to help around the house - AITA for just letting her do things her way since she’ll redo anything I do anyway?

Edit: For context I was raised in a household with traditional roles and values. When we met she was on the same page. Her views have unfortunately changed but in our family housework is mostly going to be her thing. I wouldn’t mind helping here and there if she didn’t expect perfection!So I work as the head administrator in a Catholic school, which means that the person that makes all the final decisions is a priest from the order (which rotate each of four years). Each December we make a special Christmas Dinner with all of our employees and we let them bring their partner if they have one. 

And this is where the problem is. One of our teachers (let’s call him Dave) is gay and the last Christmas Dinner (in 2019 because there wasn’t one in 2020 for obvious reasons) he brought his male partner to the dinner. The head priest that we had at the time was young and more “modern” so he was ok with it. But last year the head priest changed and the new one is a lot more conservative. For example, he didn’t accept a kid into the school because his parents allowed him to be effeminate. 

So we worry that if Dave brings his partner the priest will not like it. We don’t know what he would do, but this year has been quite stressful so the least we want is to have a problem in the Christmas Dinner. So when Dave asked me the date of the dinner I told him that he shouldn’t bring his partner to avoid causing a conflict. But he got really mad about it, I tried to explain myself but he just left. 

And look, I get that it must suck to not be able to bring your partner to an event like this, but he works on a Catholic school. And all I’m trying to do is avoid conflict.

Edit: Okay, I guess I didn’t explain well the role of the priest. While they are technically my employees as I’m the head of administration, we are all employees of him. If he wants he can fired anyone in the school (including me) and i have no power over him. So I can’t “force him” to behave nicely.I recently got engaged to my fiancée Abby. She is an amazing girl and I couldn't be happier. Abby and I have a pretty modern relationship and are partners in everything. During the six years we've been together we have talked a lot about marriage and our expectations. Abby's mom, Rose, made it clear that she thought we were taking all the romance out of it. Abby and I ended up picking the ring together and talking about how the proposal should go. Rose kept making comments that we were ruining it, she was so surprised when her husband proposed, and etc. 

For some background I don't like her parents that much. They have an extremely co-dependent relationship with some old school gender roles and Rose expects to be treated like an absolute princess. Her dad James doesn't seem crazy about me. I think he wants me to take care of his daughter more, but Abby doesn't need that. Rose seems put off that we aren't romantic enough, and honestly she annoys the shit out of me.

We spent the holiday at their lake house. Abby and I even went on a hike and she proposed back to me. It was a great day. When I went to bed one night (Abby was in the living room with her siblings) I heard James and Rose talking shit. She said she would have cried if he made her wait 6 years to get married. He made a joke that she owes him a lot of money because Abby told him women pay for half of the rings now. Then he said that he would have died if he had to tell his friends she proposed back and jokingly made her promise to only get on her knees for one reason.

Honestly I don't deal with asshole. I went to the bedroom, opened the door, and just stared at them. James cussed at me and told me to get out of his room and don't ever do that in his house again. I said I heard their conversation and thought I was going to barf. No one wants to hear about her on her knees (honestly this might have been a dick move, she has an extremely time consuming routine to look younger and looks like Abby's sister but is insecure about her age) James told me to get the fuck out and called me disrespectful.

The next morning he confronted me, didn't apologize, and said if I ever burst in like that again when his wife was half naked we were going to have a real problem.  To be clear they were both under the covers. I told Abby and she thinks it is hilarious, but it made Christmas awkward and Rose has been telling everyone I have no respect and wasn't raised right.One of my friends recently lost the use of his lower body in a car accident.  He has had a good attitude and is managing to be independent and lives a normal life.  We were having a party and our mutual friend anna was trying to help him.  She wanted to always run and get him drinks, his food, and do everything for him.  He at first relented but said later he wanted to do the things himself.  She didn't pay attention.  As she kept doing things for him he finally said he appreciated it but please treat him like before the crash.  She kept ignoring him.  Finally as he was pouring himself some water she tried to take the water out of his hand so she could pour it for him and he snapped at her and yelled at her to stop helping.  I yelled back that she was just trying to help and just because your in a wheelchair doesnt mean you can be a douce.  I felt bad immediately after but was angry.  We haven't spoken much since.  AITA?Hey everyone. Throwaway account here because I’m pretty sure the people involved in this story know my main.

Recently, my father returned home from overseas after spending several years away and the whole family, extended included, got together to throw a party to celebrate his return. Clean up the house, put up decorations, cook a banquet, the works. I myself took some time off to drive around town to get the supplies, blow up balloons, hang decorations and even assisted my mother in the preparations for cooking.

Among the dishes my mother was making was a rather special one for me as I have good memories of eating it with my dad, so I was pretty excited to eat it alongside everyone else.

Problem is, the day my dad landed at the airport, myself and a few others were supposed to go and get him but at the last second, we all remembered that my dad adored a certain pastry that’s only made by a bakery across the city. Wanting to make the day perfect, I volunteered to go and grab it even though it’d probably take an hour-and-a-half.

Well, through a series of misfortunes, it ended up taking several hours to get there and by then the store was closed. Thankfully, we knew the owners and I called and begged him to open, which he did, so I was able to obtain the pastry. I called home and told everyone that I’d gotten it and to wait until I got back so we could all eat together.

When I got home, I found the food was over, with everyone having drinks. Unfortunately, the food I’d been wanting to eat alongside my father had been eaten by everyone else. My mother had saved me a minute portion of the meal however.

After the heartwarming reunion with my dad and while catching up with him, my mother offered me the food she’d saved but I refused it and claimed I wasn’t hungry. For the life of me, I just didn’t want a single bite of any of the food that had been prepared. Instead, I just gave the pastry to my dad as a surprise and refused to take a bite of that either.

Overall, it was still a great time, except for my mother constantly asking and eventually begging me to at least have one or two bites, with everyone else also asking me to eat. My mother privately confided in me that she understood I was peeved but she’d spent so long making it and if me, her only child, wasn’t eating it, she’d feel like she’d done all that hard work for nothing, even if everyone else had eaten. I told her that I wasn’t mad at all and that I just wasn’t hungry. To be honest, I’m pretty sure that was just bullshit to guilt me into eating.

I wouldn’t take a single bite of that food, or anything else really, for the rest of the day. I suppose I was angry at everyone having been thoughtless enough to have started eating without me even when I’d asked them not to. Instead, I just let my displeasure be felt and not heard.

Am I the asshole?

EDIT: I should clarify that the food was to be eaten at dinner. I left at 4 and got back by 8, while dinner is usually around 7-7:30. My dad got home at 5 and everyone had snacks. At 6:30 I called and told them I’d gotten the pastry and told them to wait until I got back cause Dinner would’ve been served in 30 minutes, and they all gave their assent.I teach a middle school math class. One thing that I am trying to have my students do is become better at mental math, and solving difficult questions using just pencil and paper. For each test I give, I make it very clear whether they are allowed to use a calculator or not. One of my students, Joe, is struggling quite a bit in class. He has an IEP (individualized education plan), and I try to work with him individually to improve his skills. Unfortunately, he doesn't take the lessons very seriously, which is a bit disheartening. 


I gave a math test last week, and specified that no calculators were allowed for this test. When everyone got seated, Joe pulled out his calculator, and I immediately went up to him and told him to put it away. However, he told me that he is allowed to use his calculator because of his IEP, and that I needed to accommodate him.  I told him that wasn't true - this test was supposed to train his math skills, and that using a calculator is defeating the purpose. I told him that it wasn't fair if he was allowed to use a calculator but the rest of the class wasn't. He wouldn't budge. 


I tried to get him to put the calculator way for nearly a minute, but he absolutely refused, and the other students were getting impatient about starting the test (I haven't officially allowed writing to begin since I was busy speaking to Joe). Finally, I took the test paper out of his hand and told him to pack his things and get out of my class, and sent him to the principal's office to be sent home. I also gave him a 0 for the test because he clearly would not cooperate with me.


Here's the thing, if he told me that he wasn't ready to write the test and wanted to be excused, I was perfectly happy to have him write it on another day. However, the fact that he blatantly disrespected me by not following my instructions made me less sympathetic towards him. Joe hasn't gone to class for a couple of days, and last I heard he was suspended from school.

For extra info: There was nothing on his IEP about calculator use.[removed]I am getting married to "Adam" We have an amazing relationship, communicate great, and he is my best friend, but we come from vastly different backgrounds. Adam grew up with extreme privilege and due to that we sometimes see things differently. 

When we got engaged his parents "Scott and Marie" gave us a very generous amount of money to pay for the wedding and hinted that there would be more money coming when we bought a house. This was not unexpected. He is the youngest child so we knew what they had done for their other two. I had a little pause about accepting so much money, but I put it in perspective and it wasn't that much to them, plus they wanted to do this for their son.

Recently my parents hosted a cook out and invited Scott and Marie so the families could meet. Everything was going alright but my parents are huge drinkers. His aren't and don't hold alcohol that well, but I guess felt some pressure to keep up. So Scott got wasted and was much more talkative than usual (I have been with his son for 4 years and he has never made an effort to get to know me) and he was talking to my dad and said something about where he grew up (low income government housing) My dad was shocked and made a comment about it's amazing that he has come so far. 

Now I knew some of the background. Scott grew up dirt poor. He is brilliant and totally self made. Someone said it is the best feeling to give your kids everything you didn't get, isn't it? Scott then said "I just wanted my wife to have everything. She is why I did it and now there are those bad feelings because I have to give my kids all this stuff and I'm just like fuck no, but then you know she just makes it worth it." Marie was like aww, like he didn't just shit all over their kids.

I was floored. I knew Scott was a very cold man. I knew that Adam didn't have the best relationship with him, but that just shook me to the core. I didn't say anything because what is the point when he is drunk, but I told Adam I wanted to return all of the money and have the wedding we can afford. Adam didn't get it, but we sat down with his parents. I told them that and Marie began guilt tripping about I'm shaming him for his feelings and people aren't perfect. It's ok that he feels that way because he does the "right thing" in the end. Scott didn't say much and just rolled his eyes. 

I was adamant that all the money is going back. The venue we can't get the money back so that is the one thing I will keep, but it is going to be a much smaller wedding and Adam feels like I'm punishing him for what his dad did and that it isn't fair. He is a huge extrovert, loves parties, and is salty over this. Scott and Marie think I'm being ridiculous but I just don't want his money if he feels that way.
Me and my best friend have known each other since we were in kindergarten. Now we’re both in our 20s and still hang out regularly.

For some context, he was overweight throughout his childhood and teens. I never judged him of course because I cared about his personality more. 

Well over the last 3-4 years he underwent something you could call a “glow up” phase. He lost weight, got into shape and even works as a personal trainer today. He looks unrecognizable and is now considered attractive by people. 

Nowadays girls constantly hit on him and he gets LOTS of female attention. This doesn’t bother me at all since I’m not romantically interested in him. However he is frustratingly oblivious and his personality hasn’t changed much. He still doubts himself and doesn’t believe that women could possibly find him attractive. I find this insecurity annoying because I just wish he felt more confident. I also find it annoying because every time we’re out together women just flock to him. At this point I rarely enjoy spending time with him. 

A few days ago he invited me to dinner at a restaurant. The waitress was clearly hitting on him and I don’t think she even registered my presence. I thought her attraction was obvious but of course my friend didn’t realize what was going on. He just said that she’s “really nice”. Oh yeah…just nice…totally. 

So at this point I had to *explain* to him that she was obviously desperate for him. He denied it and I told him that his personality hasn’t changed much. He’s still the same chubby insecure kid I knew all these years and that’s never gonna change, ever. He argued that he’s not the same person but I gave him a bunch of examples as to why I think he is. At the end we were quiet and he was visibly upset. 

The next day we kinda made up because he felt bad so things are okay-ish now. 

In my opinion this was harsh but ultimately tough love. I’ve been lambasted by our friends (and even uninvited to a bday party) so I’m wondering if I’m truly the asshole or if he was just too sensitive (he’s always been super touchy btw).My daughter was out shopping with our two daughters yesterday (ages 10 and 12). Whilst they were out I get a random text from my wife that they were planning on going to get their ears pierced again and if I was o.k for the girls to get it done. This was a bit random because was not discussed before but I thought there was no harm if they got a 2nd hole in each ear so wrote back that it was fine.

A few hours back they all returned. They proudly showed me their ears and I could see they each had one ear blinged all up from bottom to top. I was informed that they each got 6 more piercings in their ear and they were going on how they couldn't wait to see my reaction. Initially I thought they were fake and that it was some sort of practical joke which we alway splay on each other. I therefore just played along and went to flick one of my daughter's ear. When I went to do this I noticed the backings of the earrings and got a big shock that they were actually pierced.

I blew up and started going of about how it was very irresponsible to get so many ear piercings. In the spur of the moment I also said that it looks trashy and that our daughter will no longer get a job or go to a good college. My wife and daugters just looked at me shocked saying why am I overreacting over just ear piercings when I said it was fine earlier. I just responded that 7 in a single ear is way too much and disrespectful. l also asked if they could remove them because I will be mad every time I see the earrings. 

I feel betrayed and tricked by my wife and daughters. Also they likely went to some cheap ass place in the mall where some teenager with no idea of hygiene probably did so many at once without thinking about the consequences. I am not having a go at place which did the piercings but would have expected better from my wife to steer in the right direction. Everyone is just thinking I am just being silly and should get over it. AITA here?[removed]We recently found out my wife is pregnant (6 weeks) and are thrilled. We were heading to my brothers house for Christmas so I took my parents aside and told them once we arrived while my brother, his wife and my sister were preoccupied with my brothers in-laws. Obviously my parents were thrilled too, but tried not to show anything because my brothers wife just had a miscarriage 3 weeks ago. Obviously my wife wasn’t drinking  and then got sick and my siblings became suspicious so I told them too, but asked them not to make a big deal about it because we don’t want people to know yet and my brothers in laws were in the next room. However, my brother told his wife and she started crying for the rest of Christmas. She isn’t real close with her family so they didn’t know and then things became awkward because she was obviously upset and nobody knew why. 

I feel like we just wanted to share our joy and had to plan to tell anyone but our parents, but circumstances changed that as my siblings knew already so I told them. I didn’t expect my sister in law to find out or to get so upset. AITA here?I work in an industry where it is really common or people to date or marry within the industry. We've had three couples get married within the past five years, and there is lots of relationship drama in general, which I find exhausting and to be honest, I wish people would just date outside work.

Some guy "Brett" started a tradition of getting a small cheap grocery store cake and encouraging (pressuring) the couple to smear it on each other. He claims this is because most of us can't attend the weddings due to work, and he says it is all in good fun. One thing I have noticed is the man is usually more receptive than the woman, and sometimes one of them says no and the other does it anyway, which really bothers me. Also Brett kind of creeps me out and I think he likes seeing it happen.

The department head is getting married in January and Brett brought in the cake. I actually didn't think he would do it, because he is a bit older (40s and others were in 20s) and in a higher position. He did and again the woman ended up covered in cake, and he had significantly less on him.

Honestly I was annoyed because of the sexism, and also because she almost bumped into me. I finally said it was such a dumb unprofessional thing to do at work and it is sexist, because the men always get way more into it and the woman gets messier, so it is just some old boys club shit and it needs to stop in 2021.

Brett told me to relax. The bride to be called me exhausting and asked if I was jealous. Everyone seemed to agree that I was being too woke, and a friend expressed in private that I should not have said that because I might have offended the department head who is very powerful, and Brett and the woman involved also have much more power than I do. Honestly I think we need to call out sexism and stupidity in this day and age.My first wife and I dated through HS. But after HS - I enlisted, and she went to college. But we never broke up. We always intended to get back together, and we did. Although she did date a couples guys while I was away. 


After I was discharged, I came back home, and a few months later we went on our first real date. And fast forward a few years later we got married, and had a kid. 


My wife reluctantly stayed home with the kid since I didn’t want to, and I had to get another full time job, and a part time job to make it plausible. But there was no way I was gonna be a stay at home dad. 


10% (eventually 25% when I made more) of my paychecks went to her, and she put it into an account in her name. It wasn’t spending money. It was saving money. For her, and her alone. 


When my daughter moved away for college, she handed me divorce papers, and said that there was someone else, and all I did was work, and she had only stayed with me for our daughter. 


Fast forward 5 years later I got remarried. I never told my wife that 25% of every check is deposited directly to my ex wife. Although she knows that. She didn’t seek spousal support since she had her bf, who she married almost immediately after divorcing me according to my daughter.


We discussed our finances as we prepare to buy a house and put everything on the table. My wife says there’s no point in giving my ex wife money since she cheated and didn’t want support. She claimed that a quarter of every check is way to much. Since I only make about 80k after taxes. She says it should be going towards our future and not my ex. 


But my ex gave up her career to stay home. All cause I didn’t want the shame of being a stay at home dad. She says I’m an a hole for that, and an a hole for not putting her first? 


But that’s not really what it’s about for me. I don’t mind supporting her. I mean…what if her husband leaves her? What will she do? 


We’re all in our 40s, my wife has a son who she takes care of now. My daughter is 23.


As for timeline : enlisted at 17, discharged at 22, married at 25, and am currently 48. (Ex) wife is 49. Wife is 40.


As for reason I didn’t tell her: cause this arrangement is weird, and I wasn’t sure how she’d react.


I am planning on stopping paying her 25%. I think I’ll just give 10% to my daughter.


I do still care about my exMy gf and I have been dating for 4 years. We make around 50k each so we split the rent half ways. But her parents paid for her student loans so after paying her half (800) she can do whatever she likes. I have to pay 1100 in student loans as well so after both rent and student loans I only take home 1,400 of which 200 goes to food and 400 goes to my car payments, insurance and gas, 60 to my cell phone payments and plan  and 100 towards food for my dog. Recently I’ve gotten a vet bill that nearly cleared out my savings. I have $2000 left in savings and it’s making my nervous so I’ve slowed down student loan payments. I’m aggressively trying to pay off my student loans because I want to buy property with my gf. She has quite a bit saved up maybe 30-40k and doesn’t have many worried besides the rent and her car which has been paid down because it’s her dad’s old car. I’ve asked her contribute a bit more (1000) since I have way more expenses but she basically told me she’s not responsible for anything but her share of the rent. We’ve been dating for 4 years and are thinking of getting married and this is making me question how serious she is about the relationship. The area we live is so expensive we’d need to buy a house together to even quality for a mortgage to a apartment but she won’t at least help me until I have more savings and have paid off my student loans. I feel like I’m way more invested in the relationship than her as she won’t put her money where her mouth is. When my dog needed surgery she also wouldn’t help after I asked and told me to take out a personal loan for my dog. I was so angry at her since she cared for my dog and says she’s his stepmom but won’t help cover his medical expenses. I got my dog before our relationship but he’s been in her life for 4 years now and she won’t contribute apart from buying him a gift every year of his b day.My husband and I, both 50, first got married at 18. We had a baby (Adam, now 30) and got divorced soon after. We definitely weren't ready for married life or parenthood, but we worked better as co-parents than as a couple, so that's how things were for ten years afterwards, during which time my husband had a child with someone else. When his daughter (Stella, now 24) was 4, we got together again and now we've been married for 18 years and have one more kid. Stella has split her time between our house and her mother's since she was 5, but she's lived with us full time since she was 18. Where we are, it's quite common for adult children to live with their parents until they're financially stable or want to move in with someone. Adam lived with us until he got married at 27 and Stella still lives with us. Stella wasn't very good with money when she started working, so we started charging her for "rent" to help her save (she knows it's because of that and that we put the money on a savings account for her). We never did this with Adam, because he was always responsible with his finances.

Adam now lives about one hour away and has a baby. He works 4 days a week and his wife is still on maternity leave so when he has his off days in a row, they come to stay with us. These days don't always fall on weekends. The problem here is that Stella works from home and she sometimes needs to work nights. Some of these nights have fallen on days Adam is here. The last time it happened, Stella got extremely upset because the baby cried a lot and her boss said on a call it was "unprofessional". So, she asked us if it was possible for Adam not to come when she has to work nights. We told her no, as Adam is only able to come here when his work allows and we don't want to have to make his stays even rarer. We don't have any more available bedrooms she could move into, so we said that the best we could do was try to convert a part of our garage into a little workstation for her. She got really angry again, because she says the garage isn't comfortable and she shouldn't have to move her workspace just because Adam stays here occasionally. We told her she could work from there only occasionally, but since she has a lot of cables, monitors, devices, things, she says that's not feasible. So, we had this huge fight where we told her this was take it or leave it and she started accusing us of favoring Adam, saying we're willing to accomodate him more than her, that we charge her rent when we never charged him and that should mean she has more control over this house, and that we should be ashamed for suggesting that she should work in a garage. She then implied it was because she was not my bio daughter. I simply left the room, and my husband kept arguing with her, at which point I overheard her call us some not-so-nice names.

My husband and I were pretty certain about our positions, but honestly, her accusing us of favoritism is making us feel terrible. AITA?

ETA: I was told to edit the post to add that we can't stay over at my son's as it has no room for us to sleep (it's a small one bedroom apartment with only a small open space area for a living room and kitchen). They also have no support system where they live, hence why they come to us often.[deleted][removed]Hi everyone. I won't be using names or genders in this post.

When I was 7 years old (I'm 21 now), my mother decided to adopt a 2 year old cat from a rescue centre. This cat had previously been a street cat. Despite my various attempts to become "friends" with the cat, it never really took to me. By this I mean that it would never let me near it's food, would hiss at me if I went near it's belongings, and would claw at me if I petted it in the wrong place. We eventually learned to coexist.

Recently, I encountered a stray Bulldog in our local park. After taking this dog to our local vets, doing the appropriate checks, and ensuring that no one wanted to claim the dog, I decided to adopt the dog, since I didn't want it to end up in the system. My family was ok with me adopting it. The cat, however, was not. We made sure to keep the dog away from the cat behind closed doors during the adjustment period, we tried to introduce them via smells, but to no avail. Eventually we accepted that they'd never be best of friends. However, the cat began to actively seek out the dog to threaten it. There would be times where I'd be playing with my dog on the floor, and the cat would began hissing at us both. This came to a head when the dog was sleeping on the sofa, and the cat leapt at him.

I'm normally of the opinion that the older pet should stay if a situation arises where one would need to be rehomed. However, sending my dog back into the system on account of the cat trying to hurt him seemed like an awful thing to do. I voiced my concerns to my mother, who agreed with me, since I think, as bad as it sounds, she was just waiting for the cat to die, since she felt bad for it. We took the cat to our local animal shelter.

My friend recently called me to say that she saw my cat on the shelters website. When I told her what had happened, she blew up at me, saying that I'm "disgusting" for choosing an "ugly" breed of dog over my cat, and that I'm a terrible pet owner. I would go into more detail about what she said, but I'm aware there's a character limit.

AITA?

EDIT: My "friend" has said that she will adopt the cat. I'm no longer speaking to her as of now, and I also don't want anything to do with the cat, but maybe the overreactors can stop sending me threats in my dm's now. :)I am 40s/m and "Beth" is 30s/f. We both work in a roughly equivalent station in our office.

Beth has always been a closed book about her personal life, and lately some interactions made me wonder what was going on behind the scenes. I was able to find several of her accounts online, including socials and forums. These were easy enough to find with Google and a bit of conjecture.

I discovered that Beth is very vocal on several platforms about her severe personality disorder and drinking problem. Many concerns I had before, clicked into place: the long history of Monday morning sick days, the mediation processes which always seemed to end in her favor (which were clearly due to manipulation related to her disorder), the way she always seemed to be able to wheedle extra attention and special privileges from supervisors.

I reported this information to our direct supervisor. From my point of view, he certainly has the right to know about anything that impacts the workforce he manages. It seems like he thought I did the right thing and was grateful to hear this information, but I have since told several other co-workers and they have unanimously said I invaded her privacy and other not-so-pleasant accusations. In the main I think I took the right action, but AITA?[removed]My (30F) brother (34m) lives across the country and I still live in the same city as my parents (65/66). For my parents to go see him and his family (wife, and two kids ages 1 and 3) it used to be a 4-5 hour direct flight but with staffing shortages now only offer connections. Meaning my parents would have to spend 10-11 hours total time in airports or on planes and would have a decent layover, mostly in cities where snow is expected in winter months. 

My parents do a lot for my brother and his family. They paid for my brother to move out there after he graduated college and they'd always pay the flights and hotels for my brother and his wife to visit here before they had kids. Recently my parents paid for the moving company to move to a new house, bought them living room furniture, a new stove, a refrigerator, and gave each a few thousand dollars as a gift.

Currently my parents have decided with the hundreds of cancelled flights, they don't want to risk getting stuck in another city with no way home except to wait. After my parents had the discussion with my brother and his wife, my sister-in-law texted my mom in a group chat with my brother saying the kids are so disappointed they won't be seeing grandma and grandpa. Then went on to say this is just a new normal and my parents need to think about what risks they're willing to take to see their grandkids as sometimes we have to sacrifice. She ended it with "it's just sad to see that you're too afraid of the 'what ifs' to risk seeing your grandbabies, we thought you'd want to see them grow up."

I want to call my brother and tell him to muzzle his wife because what my parents decide to do is none of her concern. I understand she's a stay at home mom and probably looks forward to help and a break, but her parents are on disability so her mom watches the kids one night per week and comes over 2-3 days per week to help out. And they never get financial help or big gifts from her parents since they're on a limited income. My brother tends to have no backbone but with his wife he's basically a well-done noodle. My husband and I have a rule that we each manage our own families, and I think he needs to institute this with his wife. 

So Reddit, would I be the AH if I called my brother to talk to him about what his wife said to my mom was downright disrespectful after all my parents have done for them? Can I say he needs to start talking sense into his wife and give her a reality check that not everything revolves around her before she ever says anything like this again?We closed on this house two months ago, but we did not take residence of the home until 3 weeks ago as the previous owners were unable to move out before then.

Earlier today a large box from Butcherbox arrived for the previous owner.  I called Butcherbox and informed the CS Rep that the previous owner was no longer at our residence.  The Rep thanked me and said she would reach out to the previous owner.  I asked if I needed to send back the box and she told me no, that I could keep it.

So I opened it and found a glorious cornucopia of meat, which then got deposited into my freezer.  Then just a couple minutes ago the previous owner was on my doorstep asking about the parcel.  I informed her that I had already contacted Butcherbox and they’d be reaching out to her, and that Butcherbox said I could keep the delivery. She looked at me and then left.  I suppose I should have collected the items and give them to her?

ETA:  I have no contact information for the previous owner.  

ETAA:  The previous owner did state that it was her “monthly subscription package” which in my experience comes with reminder emails and texts from the company.

ETAA: INFO: the parcel was left on my doorstep as it was too big to fit in my parcel locker.  No signature was required.  I came home to a pile of parcels on my doorstep.  I have a Ring doorbell.  That’s how I knew the previous owner was on my doorstep, as she was trying to get into my parcel locker.  Well, she SAID she was the previous owner.This morning, my daughter (30F) and I were on one of our morning walks.  She was telling me that she has a big team meeting (virtual) with her boss that's like 4 people above her.  That means there will probably be about 30 people on the meeting.  I asked her if she was going to make herself all pretty for it then.  She immediately got annoyed and said something like, "no, I'm going to dress like I usually do, he wears t-shits to meetings so it's not a big deal".  I know that she usually wears jeans and shirts that I would classify as a step above t-shirts, but a step below what she would wear into the office.  I've  asked this question to her many times before and she always gets annoyed, and I don't understand why...I mean, it's just a question, and I'm just making conversation.  Is she overreacting or AITA?My girlfriend [30] doesn't live with me [35] yet. And she's very hesitant to at this point. I get where she's coming from as she's not a night owl like me and my kids. But for her to tell me how to parent made me rather angry with her. I have 2 kids with the ex wife. They're 4 and 10. I've tried morning routines in the past but they NEVER worked. My kids don't naturally get tired until midnight (and sometimes not until 1am) so I allow them to stay up until then. Despite their very late bedtime, they still technically get enough sleep per day. I'll get them up for school around 7am and when they're at school, I'll take a long nap. When they get back, they'll take a 3-5 hour nap, which totals to 9-12 hours of sleep per day. The 10 year old is doing great in school and the 4 year old is fine too so I see no reason to change things. This is their routine/preference as well as mine. They're night owls just like me. I've tried to get them to sleep earlier before but they rarely fall asleep earlier than midnight.

My girlfriend on the other hand gets tired around 9-10pm and goes to bed then when visiting me for a few days at a time. She has an issue with my kids still being up after she's gone to bed. She says she can still hear them up even though my bedroom (that I let her sleep in) door is closed when she goes to bed. She has to be up in the morning too, but unlike me and my kids, she has difficulty taking naps and thus goes to bed earlier than the rest of us. I personally don't have a problem if/when I fall asleep before my kids do because I can sleep through anything and I work from home.

She recently told me I need a better routine for my kids. I got mad at her for telling me how to parent when she has no kids of her own and it's my house. Now she wants to visit even less. I tried getting her to understand that my family is filled with night owls. It's just the way my kids and I are. They still get plenty of sleep thanks to the long naps they take after school/preschool. AITA for getting mad at her? I did raise my voice a bit but as a parent, I'd rather not be told how to raise my kids when my parenting has been working (and therefore doesn't need changing). I also grew up with extremely strict parents who put so many rules when I was a kid, including an early bedtime, that not only did I eventually become very depressed from it but I would lay in bed for hours without even falling asleep (because I've always been a night owl). I don't want to subject my kids to that.I'm 30 next year, and a three year relationship broke down in May. As you can imagine, been a rough and weird first Christmas without them.

My aunt is almost 60 and unmarried. She is quite peculiar and gets hyper about a lot of things.

When we went to visit her today for Christmas her FIRST question was "well any new man yet?" 

I immediately replied "well what about you, how come you aren't married yet?" 

She stayed quiet for a LONG time and the rest of my cousins, my mum and aunts carried the conversation.

On the way home my Mum told me I was rude to answer that way, she was just taking an interest and making conversation. AITA for my reply?I'm getting married in the spring. Me and my fiance are both mid thirties. I knew exactly what I wanted in a dress, I love the mermaid cut where it flares out at the knee and I wanted to show cleavage and shoulders to keep it breezy at a potentially humid wedding. The women on both sides of my family wanted me to try on dresses of theirs just to see if i liked them. My Aunt on my dads side (60s) got married in the late seventies early eighties and her dress was very of that time and hideous. I had no real intention of wearing any of the dresses presented to me, I went along with the heirloom fitting for fun and to appease family. Well when my grandmother said that if I ended up wanting one of the dresses it would check the box for my 'something borrowed' I had an idea. I lied and said I liked my aunts dress and said I was considering wearing it for the wedding. My idea was I could take the already ugly dress from someone I am not the closest with to the seamstress and have her use it to make a dress to my exact specifications for cheaper than a new dress off the rack or making one completely from scratch. I took it in and had it altered to closer to what I wanted. When my aunt told me to give her dress back if I wasn't going to wear it I told her the truth and showed her what I had done. She lost her shit saying I ruined her dress and I said I did her a favor by updating it and that I'd give it back since most of the fabric was originally hers. The seamstress used a lot of the bodice and lace for the dress but added chiffon and some other things. She demanded I give the dress back which I did, since it is her dress mostly but she also informed me that she will not be attending my wedding or speaking to me for the time being. I didn't really care we're not super close but my whole dads side is upset with me over it. AITA?I come from a fat family, but I recently managed to lose the weight. I now eat a very healthy diet and exercise daily. It's made me realize how unhealthy my family's eating habits are and how I was encouraged as a child to overeat. 

Unfortunately my youngest sister who is the baby of the family at 14, is heading the same way. She is gaining weight quickly and just eats whatever she likes. Our parents have halfheartedly put her on diets before but she gets angry and gives up. I've tried to educate her on diets but she doesn't seem interested.

Today I brought back my own food which I put into tubs in the fridge. For the first time in months, I bought some cake for myself which I had weighed and also put it in the fridge.

Later that day, my parents were late home and clearly she couldn't wait the extra 20 minutes for food, so she decided to eat ALL my cake plus some fried tofu I made. 

I got really angry because I was starving, been looking forward to it all day and hadn't eaten any "junk food" in months. I said "_____ can you not be a fat pig for one f–ing day? You get enough food yourself without eating any of mine. It's actually disgusting how much you eat" 

She got upset and ran to her room crying. Our parents think it was nasty, and I admit it was but she ate all my food that I'd bought and weighed for myself...She has problems with depression and stuff which obviously I don't want to encourage, but her weight is one of the main reasons she is depressed.

She gets constant positive encouragement for her overeating and her weight, like I did when I was young. Maybe shaming is the only way to get through to her? I know it was for me.

AITA?
So here's the situation: 

I (25F) live with my cousin Bree (27F) in a small 3 bedroom townhouse and last year we welcomed in another roommate "Claude" (25M) to rent the 3rd room. 

From the very beginning, Claude told us he was gay and had a long distance boyfriend. Both me and my cousin assumed by "gay" he meant he was exclusively attracted to men and NOT women. With us, Claude would only refer to himself as gay ... never bi or bisexual. Obviously we just assumed he was male attracted only. 

Because we assumed our roomate Claude was gay, Bree and I let our guards down when it came to clothing...

We'd walk around the house in skimpy clothing and underwear all the time, especially when it was a hot day. We felt comfortable coming out of the shower in a small towel and walking around the house or sitting on the couch with only a small towel wrapped around our bodies to cover us. When we came home from work we'd often take our bras off and walk around the house braless. We'd also often walk around in just a shirt and panties.  

Claude was perfectly okay with this (we checked with him to make sure he wasn't uncomfortable with female half nudity), and again, we assumed he was male attracted only so no issue...

So recently Claude broke up with his long distance boyfriend. He's been on tinder and yesterday he showed me a picture of someone he's going on a date with this Saturday and ...she's a woman??? 

I was obviously confused and asked Claude "umm, why are you going on a date with a woman? I thought you were gay??" Claude laughed and said he was actually bisexual, but usually just referred to himself as gay. 

I admit, I got pretty upset. I asked why in the 12 months he's been living with us he never told us he was bisexual? He asked why it was a big deal and i said that I would never have walked around the house in my underwear if I knew he was also attracted to women. 

I also told Claude he should've known better and been upfront that he was bisexual when moving in with 2 women. Because if you just say "gay" of course we're going to assume you mean male only attracted unless you state otherwise.

Claude was upset and called my biphobic ... but I told him I wasn't, I was just upset that he didn't disclose he was also attracted to women when moving in with 2 women... especially considering Bree and I were walking around half nude all the time under the assumption he only liked men. Why wouldn't he just clarify he was bisexual with us earlier ???


So I guess I wanted to ask this sub, am I biphobic asshole? Maybe I am and I'm just not seeing it...My daughter weighs less than 40 pounds. She has lots of energy, and loves being active. She was running back and forth in the hallway this morning when my downstairs neighbor yelled out her open window “stop running it’s so fucking inconsiderate!”

It was roughly 10 am on a Sunday. I totally would understand if it was very early in the morning or late at night, or if it was an adult running around. But a 3 yo during the middle of the day? I already told my daughter she can’t run as much, but telling her she’s not allowed to run at all in our own apartment seems crazy to me. AITA?

Edit: Thanks for the input. Here is some additional context. I have lived in this apartment for 3.5 months, and this is only the second time my neighbor has said anything to me, the first time being on the first day I moved in, when she asked me something along the lines of “moving in?”. She frequently plays loud rap music with explicit lyrics with the bass shaking the walls. She also has four wind chimes on her patio (which are against the apartment rules). Despite these I have never once thought of complaining because I accept it’s part of living in an apartment, hearing your neighbors. I’ve definitely never thought of yelling out the window, that’s tacky and trashy. A couple of things I’m surprised about regarding the responses: 1) I’m genuinely surprised by how many people consider 10 am to be early. I agree 10 am is early if you work an overnight shift (she does not). 2) Nobody seems to have a problem with the disparity between the action and reaction. My daughter accidentally annoyed this person and her response was to hurl an f-bomb in my daughter’s direction (fortunately she didn’t hear it). Is this really an appropriate response?

If this person had come to my door and told me in reasonable adult way that my daughter’s running was preventing her from sleeping, OF COURSE I would tell my daughter to stop. She did the opposite. Up until today I had no idea it was bothering her at all.I've been online dating for quite a while. My profile very clearly states,” I'm dating with marriage as the end goal”. 

I matched a few weeks ago with a charming woman who said she also was dating with the intent to get married, with the caveat of wanting a traditional relationship where she would be a housewife. 

I agree that I would be happy with that arrangement, in the future. We chat about a variety of subjects and set up a date for an early dinner two weeks out (today).

Much to my surprise, during the date, she casually mentions she doesn't want children. In my confusion, I ask her, “but you said you were looking to become a housewife?” She responds, “you can be a housewife and still not want children”. 

Admittedly, I did chuckle, but it wasn't a full belly roar of a laugh, just a chuckle. She took great offense to my laugh and asks, “why can't she be childfree and a housewife”. My response was, ”what will you be doing all day?” She says, ”what do older housewives do after their children go off on their own” my response was, “usually back to work”. 

I told her it's going to be next to impossible to find a man willing to take that deal. She gets angry and leaves. I tell my sister and she thinks I “crushed that poor woman's dreams”

Am I the asshole, for telling her the truth?[removed]I found out I’m pregnant a few days ago, the news couldn’t have come at a worse time and I didn’t want anyone else to know. We’re currently on vacation with my in-laws for my MIL’s birthday. When I took the test, everybody had gone out but my SIL came home unexpectedly before I had time to hide it. I panicked and just shoved it into a draw. 

I was intending to go back and dispose of it but I couldn’t get away from my SIL long enough to do it before everyone else came home. My husband ended up finding the test and asked me about it. I told him it wasn’t mine and he automatically assumed it was his sister’s because she’s been trying to conceive and has been acting weird recently.

He privately congratulated her which is how he found out it wasn’t hers. She started crying after he did and told him they had been having fertility issues and that the test wasn’t hers.

When he confronted me about it, I didn’t admit the truth but suggested it might’ve been someone else’s. He told me not to bullshit him and suggested I take a test in front of him to prove it wasn’t mine. Since I knew I had been caught out I admitted the truth.

AITA?Throwaway. This is turning into a real issue between me (35f) and my fiance (40m), and I could use perspective on if I did something wrong.

My fiance and I have been together for two years. We’ve recently moved in together, and the house has three kids- my son, Sean(15m) and his twins(Jason and Jack, 17m).

The problem particularly concerns Jack. When he was fourteen, he expressed depressive thoughts, something that made my fiance think it was really serious. Jack daydreams and "phases out" a lot, can be obsessive about his interests which nobody else shares (my fiance has mentioned he has anxiety and depressive disorders). The twins' late mom was a very artsy sort of person and left behind a bunch of drawing books and journals that my fiance and his kids treat like historical artifacts and from what I've gathered Jack is a lot like her (important).

My fiance and Jason treat Jack like he's made of glass. Sean goes to the same school as the twins and tells me that Jason walks Jack to all his classes and practice, sits with him during meals and makes sure he eats plenty, and honestly is the same at home. I've noticed the two excluding Sean deliberately from things that they do, like their amateur musicianship, or just in general having lots of inside jokes and personal communication, and I think that's basically due to Jack- Jason can be pretty social when he's got a moment away from his brother, but Jack is closed off and introverted. Sean is really eager to be friends with Jason, who's well liked in school despite not spending a lot of time with anyone except Jack. My fiance basically treats Jack the same way (lets Jack be messy, doesn;t make him fix his sleep schedule, and has set the bar as low as "if you're alive you’re doing good"), and refuses to talk to him to make Jack friendlier to Sean and me- it's alienating, and I feel Jack doesn't want me in the house.

I don't think the way everyone treats Jack is good for him, and I have a suspicion that my fiance has a soft spot for him because he resembles his mom. I mentioned to my fiance that the boys' codependence was concerning to me, and maybe Jack would do better and come around to other people if he and Jason spent some time apart, and my fiance considered it seriously. When he went to have a talk with the boys about trying to spend some time apart, they blew up on him. They think I'm being too involved with their affairs, when I honestly want the best for them and their development as people, it can't be healthy for any two people to spend this much time together, and it's not good for Jack to be coddled so much. Now Jack is starting to say that he doesn't feel comfortable in the same space as me, and Jason as always is backing him up. My fiance is really upset and doesn't know how to be strict with his kids, and the boys might be trying to convince him to break off the engagement. AITA, is it really such a giant thing for me to have called them codependent?

Edit: I get it. I did an asshole thing. I've since had a conversation with the boys and their father and both sides have apologized; their father and I have decided to take a break for a while to give the boys space because these next few months are going to be stressful for them.

&#x200B;I F25 have a daughter that is 7 year old that is a cheerleader. when I initially signed her up it was just for her to have hobby, my daughter absolutely loves cheering and with everything that is going on between my ex husband ( aka her dad),I was glad she found an outlet to get her mind off all the family drama. Through out the summer my daughter spend majority of her time training in gymnastics and dance. But In her gymnastics class her coach really took a liking into my daughter and my daughter also adores her back..but sadly this summer she spent most of her time with her coach more then me….given Because I’m single mother and it sometimes hard because I also have 4 other kids besides her, so it could be hard finding that 1 on 1 time with her. 

My daughter talks about her coach non-stop and all the things she does with her and even other moms tell me that my daughter is the coaches favorite and paranoid side of me starts thinking is this relationship weird because when I looked at my daughter and the coach together it was literally looking at mother and daughter..when school starts to start backup again I told the coach she can’t come as much anymore because school is starting backup and she starts kinda getting visibly upset that I was putting school first before cheer, she then offers that she comes straight after school for an 1hr and half fully payed for..my daughter really wanted to still attend her class so I agreed..but now this week she asked me if my daughter can join her elite team..but that means more time my daughter will have to spend training and i can’t travel with her all the time because I have other kids plus I have a custody agreement with her dad so it’s really not in the cards.so I told her she can’t and we got in disagreement and she told me that I’m holding my daughter back and she can be in the Olympics and that I’m neglecting her and that she’s trying to save her to become like me ( which was a mom at 18) . That was yesterday and I lcried when I had time to myself. Because she made me feel like I didn’t care about my daughter..right now I’m feeling like I don’t want my daughter back with that teacher, it would crush my daughter if I told her she can’t see her coach anymore so am the asshole for taking away a hobby my kid loves ?

Edit: more information on the coach she litterly an Abby lee miller if anyone has watched dance mom she’s very intense when it comes to training the kids at her gym, the elite team the coach is referring too is a travel team that age group is 9-12 year olds also I did try to look into a transfer gyms nearby deadlines for registration already past.I(40M) only provide my son(14M) with the basic necessities such as food, water, functional clothes, a nokia dialpad phone, a desktop computer, a government school, etc. The computer is in the living room so we can enter the room and see what he's doing on the computer at all times. I don't buy any luxury items and allow him to only buy things that are basic necessities without which a normal kid cannot function on a daily basis. 

I just don't want him to think he's entitled to everything he sees on the shop window
He's not allowed to do a job in our country as that's construed as child labour in India. 

My wife says that we should be buying him a smartphone as most kids his age have one. I said that he doesn't need one of his own until he's at least 17 years old.
She told me I'm being too strict.

AITA?

Edit : he gets whatever he asks within reasonable boundaries on birthdays, festivals etc. For example I wouldn't buy him a video game like xbox or nintendo, but I allow him to buy a game on appstore of his choice provided it's age appropriate.

Edit 2: kids his age easily get addicted to bad habits through the internet

Edit 3: he gets private tuitions if he requires additional help, is allowed to join paid sports coaching, can pursue hobbies of his choice provided they're not detrimental to him.

Edit 4: he gets pocket money of about Rs.50. That's enough for him to save up and buy nice things, snacks etc. However, he will not be able to buy any dangerous items even if he saves up all his allowance for a year. He is supposed to do chores such as helping his mom out with cooking, cleaning etc. But nothing too much that he'd not have time to do anything else at all. 
For example, he runs errands for his mom, washes his cycle, sweeps the house or mops the house, chops vegetables, etc. He doesn't do all of these every day but he does do a reasonable amount of chores every day. I don't pay him for chores because I already pay for everything extra that he gets. He is not having to do a job.

Edit 5: I now realize a lot of you don't realize the cost of living in India. You get a packet of chips, chocolates, maggi instant noodles, an icecream, a game of ludo, snake and ladders, playing tops for 10 rupees. 50 rupees is a fortune for little kids here. 
My salary is Rs.30,000 that's about 428 us dollarsMy (56f) oldest daughter (26f) and I have had a strained relationship pretty much since she was in middle school. We often had shouting matches about her clothes (she did not need to be wearing tank tops and short shorts at 13!), school (she was often lazy and wouldn't study unless I made her, and this worked - she always had straight A's), and extracurriculars (I wouldn't let her quit violin and piano because she was so good at them. She also wanted to do gymnastics and ice skating, but by the time she wanted to start those, it would have been too late for her to be good at them). She went to a boarding school for high school and rarely called or visited. Same when she went to college. I made so many attempts at fostering a better relationship with her, but she pretty much never answered the phone. She paid for her own education and didn't really ask for anything. Eventually I accepted that we just wouldn't be close.

Her sister (24f) on the other hand was much better behaved. If I told her to do something, she wouldn't complain as much. She studied without being yelled at, and I didn't even have arguments with her. We have a great relationship. I was a little more relaxed with her since I didn't feel like I needed to fight her on everything. After she graduated and got her first job, she lived with me to save money, which I was more than happy with. I also paid for her car and education, and gave her money whenever she needed it. She's now a full time med student in another state.

My older daughter (let's call her Sarah) recently fell on some hard times. Due to health problems and covid, she lost her job and is burning through her savings. Honestly, I was hurt I wasn't even told about her health problems which date back to college. Apparently she had a heart attack and liver problems and they got worse the past year. She asked if she could move back in with me for a year or so, since I live close to her hospital, and she would save on rent while she looked for a job and an apartment. I agreed, as she is my daughter and I care about her, and I want her to know that.

However, less than an hour of her coming to stay with me, we got into a screaming match. All I did was express how sad I was that she no longer went to church and cared about God, and somehow that made her go crazy. She asked for some space, and whenever I tried talking to her (a couple times a day), we would get into arguments. Eventually, I was feeling so stressed, I decided to tell her it's probably best for her to move out, but I would be happy to support her emotionally. She then screamed at me about how I never did anything for her growing up, but always favored her sister. Which wasn't true. Her sister was just better behaved than her. Sarah moved out, and I tried asking her to get lunch with me a few times and come over for Christmas, but she just ignores me. I feel like I'm trying my best, but she's just so hard to get along with. AITA?I'm not a party person. I'll put that out there upfront.

Saturday i went to my bf's sister's first b-day. First of all it was a huge party, mostly adults, and it had an actual bar, so I was kind of like the fuck?

His mom came over to greet me with the birthday girl who was all dressed up in like a Hawaiian skirt and lei (they aren't hawaiian) His stepdad wasn't even wearing a shirt, so I thought that was kind of bizarre.

The baby had the normal stuff like cake and presents, and there were some baby games, but there was a lot of drinking. There was a taco truck and people were swearing in line because someone cut, then people started roughhousing near the pool and people were getting thrown in.

I told my bf it didn't seem geared towards the baby. He said the baby was having a great time. At one point the baby got cake on his mom and his stepdad licked it off and at that point I felt like I was at a frat party.

Then his mom started screaming at his grandma for saying the baby's name is made up and trashy (it is Soraya, which is Persian and the dad is) She flipped her own mom off and someone cheered. I told him I was going to go because it was getting annoying.

He texted and asked why I left, so I told him all the reasons I stated and said it was just really trashy and not my scene. He called me judgmental, rude, and said I wasn't even trying with his family. He sent me a video of the baby dancing and was like "yeah clearly she is so miserable", but i just didn't like the partyMy brother and SIL threw a housewarming party a couple days ago.  It's been planned for a few weeks and my wife and I were planning on attending.  Since they live about an hour away from us, we had asked my MIL to watch our 2-year old son so that we could enjoy the party and crash at my brother's place.  

Well, Saturday morning comes along and my wife wakes up with a nasty head cold.  No fever or cough, just a lot of nasal pressure and sneezing.  She's not sure she wants to go to the party anymore.  I feel fine and make sure to check temperatures of me and our son and we are both ok.  Wife, MIL, and I are all vaccinated.  MIL is already at our place and tells me she's looking forward to spending time with her grandson and has a lot of activities planned.  

I ask my wife if she wants to take some meds and still attend the party, and she says she'd rather just stay in bed.  I ask her if I can get her anything and she says no.  So, I start to get myself ready to go.  By the time I'm ready, my wife is asleep again so I tell MIL that I am leaving.  I make sure that she has everything she needs for our son and she pretty much tells me to go have fun and she's got this.

So I get to my brother's place and start enjoying myself.  A few hours after I arrive my wife starts texting me asking me when I'm coming home.  I tell her that I've already had a few drinks and was planning on staying over like we had planned on before.  She told me that I should stop drinking and sober up so that I can come home that night since she isn't feeling well.  

I ended up calling her rather than texting and asked her why she felt I needed to come home.  She said she feels bad about MIL watching our son while she's sick and that I should come home to help her out.  I told her that I wouldn't even feel comfortable driving for at least 2 hours, then the hour drive home, and by the time I get back our son would be getting ready for bed anyway.

She just says "Whatever, have fun." and hangs up.  So, that's what I do.  I enjoy myself the rest of the night and crash at my brother's place.  I get up in the morning, grab a coffee and hit the road and I'm home around 9am.  My wife is still asleep so I leave her be.  MIL and son are just finishing breakfast and MIL wants to hang out for a bit, so we go for a walk.

When we get back, my wife is finally out of bed and she's still pissed at me.  She tells me I was a jerk for leaving without talking to her and a jerk for not stopping drinking and coming home.  I told her it wasn't my fault she got sick and couldn't go.  I told her it seems like she's using me as a target for frustration because she couldn't go. 

My wife kept making comments about me not coming home the night before so I asked her what her problem is.  She said I should have stayed home completely after finding out she was sick and she's pissed I prioritized having fun over taking care of our family.  Am I really the asshole here?[deleted]I (F18) was home alone watching TV when I saw my sister's husband "J" (sis and hubby don't live with us) pulls in and starts walking to the door. I had no idea why he was here as my parents—who were out grocery shopping and were still out—gave no notice that'd he be stopping by. So when he starts knocking, I sheepishly answer the door in my pajamas and bed head, clearly confused. I greeted him and asked what he was doing here as politely as I could word it. He said he and my dad were going to work on his van after he'd come home from the grocery store. I was just like, "Oh, okay!" and he said he was just going to wait outside in his van. No problem! I just went back to watching TV and as soon I sat down my mom texted me that they were on their way and that J would be coming over. Thanks...

15 minutes later my parents got home and while my dad and J were in the garage working on the van, I told my mom about what happened and how I was upset and embarrassed they didn't tell me J would br coming. She said I was rude for asking him why he was here and that they "forgot" to tell me. We argued a bit and now she's not talking to me, and now naturally my dad isn't either, so reddit, AITA?

EDIT: Hi! So I'm editing to clarify a bit! First off, I'd like to address the comments implying I'm into my BIL. Those made me very uncomfortable as he is over 10 years older than me and I just turned 18. I feel just as embarrassed when my mom invited ladies over with warnings, albeit rare, I'm just very self conscious about my looks and smell and I hadn't showered or brushed my teeth that morning. 

Second, BIL was inside when we had our conversation. He was the one who said he'd wait in the car. I also have a very loud tiny dog who barks at anything that moves that she's not familiar with, so that may have also been a factor though I'm not sure.

Third, the argument with my mother started when I was telling her about Jand I's awkward encounter. She said what I said was rude, and I replied it was a little rude and inconsiderate that she didn't let me know he was coming. That's when she started yelling at me.

Lastly, people are saying thing along the lines like my parents don't need permission to have people in my house. I know! I didn't say they did, all I asked for was a heads up.

Hope this helps!

EDIT 2: Also !!! I really hate the "he's family" thing. My two sisters and mothers were m*lested by "family." So I will not accept the judgment of those who included that in their reasoning. But I do respect that I shouldn't have argued with my mom and that I'm the AH for THAT.Long story short:   

- My gf’s family has this tradition where they make presents to EVERYONE: uncles, aunts, cousins, etc… and spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars each year.   

- My side of the family doesn’t make presents. I just make a gift to my parents, that’s all, not even my sister, and I don’t ask for presents in return. We just enjoy each other’s company and bake cookies / stuff.   

Now, she insists that when we marry I have to participate with her in this tradition. I just politely said no. (I don’t have much money and I just landed a good job, so I want to start saving and buy stuff I like. Also, I’m extremely difficult to please and hate 99.999% of the presents I get). This blew up in an argument where I told her she can buy all the stupid stuff she wants but with her money, and we will have separate bank accounts.    

She told me she would choose the presents herself, say they are from the both of us, and I would just need to split the money, but I refused to waste the money for people I barely know and don’t give a single f*ck about, when I don’t even make presents to my own sister.   

She told me: “What if they make you a present?”. I answered: “I would tell everyone beforehand that I don’t want one and I won’t make one because I don’t feel like it and people never get a present right”  

She went crazy, told me I’m too extreme and said there are social conventions we are required to follow and I better find another girlfriend if I’m not willing to at least meet her halfway.[removed]I (38M) have two kids, we'll call them Emma (11F) and Jacob (13M). Emma had expressed interest in playing the guitar, so I bought her one for her birthday. I also got her one of those beginner guitar instruction books to help her get started. 

A week or so later she asked me if she could start taking lessons. She had barely touched the guitar since her birthday, so I told her why don't you play the guitar some more, and then we'll consider it? 

She kept pushing it, and I told her lessons are expensive and I want to make sure she's really willing to put the effort in before we commit to that. I asked her why she can't just learn from the book/CD and she said "I don't learn like that, I want to take real lessons" I told her I want her to play the guitar but if she really wants lessons she has to put in some effort. At this point she's begging and practically throwing a fit, and says "If you want me to play the guitar then get me lessons!" So I told her no, end of discussion, and sent her to her room for giving me an attitude.

Fast forward a couple weeks. Jacob had been teaching himself the guitar. On some days he'd play for hours on end. So I decide to sign him up for lessons, since he's clearly more invested than Emma is and is showing initiative which I want to reward him for. Emma is outraged by this, since by her logic it's HER guitar and SHE should be the one taking lessons, not him. I told her again she never plays the guitar, so no she doesn't get to take lessons. 

Their mom (my ex) thinks I'm TA because "she's just a kid, and kids need structure and guidance to learn" plus she thinks Emma must feel super betrayed that I got her the guitar but got her brother lessons instead of her, and even accused me of favoritism. She says she would put Emma in lessons if she could afford it (I make significantly more than she does). 

Emma has a good musical ear (she sings with her school choir) and I want her to pursue her talents, but I don't want to spend money on lessons if she's never going to practice, plus I feel like if I do get her lessons I'll just be teaching her she can get what she wants by whining and begging. 

So, AITA?It sounds bad but hear me out. My dad is a rich businessman and is paying for a very expensive wedding. His relationship with my fiancé(D) is a little strained, but him and SIL (H)outright hate each other. I and D come from very different cultural backgrounds, so we're planning on getting married twice (both a christian wedding followed by an indian one in a few months) D's parents are paying for the Indian wedding.

H came out as lesbian some years ago and all of her family cut ties with her. Everyone except D, which made them grow much closer over the years. (They were already very close due to being just 2 years apart)

My dad is s religious homophobic, but only to those who agree with him/are close to him. He's good at hiding his views as to not affect the business. H is also a lawyer and doesn't take shit from anyone so they obviously hate each other.

Now my dad called me some days ago and told me that if i wanted him to continue to sponsor our wedding, i would have to uninvite H. One of her friends was his long time client whom she persuaded to not do business with a 'religious bigot' 

I had no other option than to agree, since a lot of the stuff had been booked (venue, plane tickets, hotel rooms) so i agreed. I called H and told her what happened and she quietly agreed to being uninvited from the first wedding.

When i told D about it, he flipped out. He's rarely ever been angry at me, but that day he was LIVID. After some minutes of yelling, he calmed down and said in a very calm voice "I'm either getting married with my sister present, or I'm not getting married."

I am at a loss here. Having to pay for all that stuff from our pockets would seriously hurt our finances. H has tried to convince her brother to let this go, but he wouldn't budge. 

Was this really that outrageous of an idea?


Umm small clarification my dad won't lose on any money is we cancel, we will. Even if we cancel thw wedding, the hotel rooms and the flights are non refundable. We aren't as well off as my dad is.

Idk if this changes anything, but it isn't about not having a big wedding, it's about US losing a lot of money in deposits and non refundable bookings

Since this is still getting replies, yes, H is invited to the Indian wedding and D has cut out anyone trying to be homophobic from the guest list. It's down to like 25 people now.

We had planned our wedding beforehand, dad just offered to pay for us to expand the guest list (essentially x2.5) D still wanted to pay for his close family, so dad asked us to book the rooms and venue and he'd pay us back at the end of the month. So it's not about having a big wedding, but about losing a lot of money on the booking. IT IS NOT ABOUT NOT HAVING A BIG WEDDING. IT IS ABOUT LOSING ALL OF THE MONEY WE HAD PAYED IF HE DOESN'T PAY US BACK.

And anyone asking me to get revenge on my dad by telling everyone what happened - nobody's going to believe me over him.

I don't know if people are trying to troll me or if everyon here has the same comment to make, via the comments section, dms or the chat, but here's the only respons i have :

The first wedding is already off (if you haven't read my comments) and people make it sound like I'm being payed for all this. We have both lost a lot of money here, and it's easy to pretend to not care about money and sound all high and mighty "oh, all you care about is money" but when you're starting a new life with someone, such a big financial loss is going to mess up all your plans. 

I didn't want to cut off my dad because he is my dad, however bad he may be, cutting him off would be leaving all of my blood family behind and that shit is pretty fucking scary when you're faced with it. I'll have no family except for D and his side of the family, who he's not that close to anyway so it's just him and his sister.

You think I haven't seen what H went through when she came out to her family? I WAS THERE, i was there when it all happened, i saw it all go down, i stayed awake with them supporting them when they cried and i cleaned up when H threw up after hours of crying while D consoled her. See, those are things you have to go through for a relationship to last 9 years.

That should answer all the "why have you not cut off your dad" "why is your fiance even with you" "you are being homophobic for money" comments and also is a therapeutic rant, so i won't be responding to new comments here anymore.

I have accepted my judgementAITA for deleting my boyfriend’s Chess account?

My (23F) boyfriend (24M) is a massive chess buff. He will spend hours rambling about chess, days arguing on forums, and spend eternity on his online Chess account. He’s spent around 10 years building up his account and loves to play. I on the other hand, can play, but am nothing compared to him.

However, he has recently been even more engrossed in his Chess addiction. I’m talking all nighters spent on that goddamn site following dumb tournament streams and replaying other matches (why would you replay someone else’s match btw?) Even more suspicious is the fact he is now using his phone for chess, something he previously swore to not do since according to him, ‘the phone UI sucks.’

His phone now always keeps pinging with chess notifications, and the most suspicious part is that they are messages from someone on the site. The notifications don’t tell me who they are or what they are saying, just that ‘Someone has sent you a message.’

The straw that broke the camel’s back was when he told me with 2 hrs notice that he would be leaving for a Chess tournament, but he told me at 5pm. Who holds a tournament at 7 in the night and stretches it to a night over? He told me it was a University event, and showed me an unrelated message that was apparently proof. He then got pissy when I told him he wasn’t to go because I was fed up with him treating me like a side table in his house. He told me that I can’t tell him what to do and then left early.

What I did after this was I did the ‘forgot your password’ option on his account, reset the password and logged into his account and deleted it.

An hour later my phone gets blown up with texts from him, which I say I will talk to you later, enjoy your ‘tournament’ and blocked him.

AITA?

**Update**

**So I posted this just before I went to bed. I hear sounds in the kitchen that wake me up and see my BF packing his things. We had a bit of  fight but in the end, he admitted to using his Chess account to hookup with a girl from College. Even though he admitted, he is still furious about his account and how he was some really high 'FM' rank that is very hard to get. Judging by the comments, it seems like I went way to far by deleting his account, but it also seems like my suspicions were correct.** [removed]I (22m) have been inviting my gf(22f) to watch a movie with me every friday night, its a good way for us to catch up since we are both really busy during the week with work stuff and she said she's not really ready to move in yet. 

Last week she came over and we got drunk so I said It wasn't safe to drive so she slept with me, this wasn't our first time sleeping together so we quickly got comfortable and headed to bed, the next morning I woke up sweating and angry because I hate being sticky it makes me feel gross and nasty so I took a shower and I after I got out she was awake on her phone, I asked her if she had turned down the ac last night after she went to bed she told me she did because the blanket I have wasn't doing it for her and she got cold. I told her that I sweat easily and it makes me uncomfortable, she said that she didn't turn it off she turned it down, and it wasn't a significant difference. I told her it doesn't matter because it's my place and I'm gonna do things the way I want. She called me a selfish asshole for not caring about the way his gf feels while sleeping at his place. I felt bad an apologized but this week she didn't show up and I think she took it personally. 

Am i the asshole?

Edit: I won't be replying to comments anymore due to the fact that yes I could've looked at the matter subjectively, but the comments has a tendency to make me look the the villain regardless so I feel as if their is no way to win here I understand I may be the asshole but so are the comments for lashing out the way they did as for my actual story I think the text loses the tone of what I said, I did not come at her aggressively or with any malicious intent I told her bluntly with no deeper meaning that, while your here please just don't touch the AC I know it may make her feel a certain way but my statement wasn't meant to belittle her feelings nor did I state I wasn't willing to compromise that's just something that was left out of the original post, I just wanted to make 1 thing alone clear and that was to not touch the AC. That doesn't mean I was entirely forgetting about the way she felt. I was willing to take the suggestions from the comments and implement them.This is fucking weird. I am 18f and my brother is 16. He is way too into with lesbians. It is creepy. He watches many many lesbian youtubers. He watches a lot of shows with lesbians. He also reads a ton of lesbian romances. He lend me his kindle and yeah, it was  chock full of mature lesbian romances. I don't understand it at all. He has friends who are part of the LGBTQ community so I think he probably understands that it is very creepy for straight men to be into lesbians. It is weird because he is sweet and very respectable. This is weird but he also wrote a very sweet lesbian lover story. It was very cute but yeah he has a ton of interest in lesbians which I don't understand at all. 

I talked to him about it. I told him that it was a bit creepy that he was so interested in lesbians and if he had any notion of a lesbian falling in love him or converting one then he was being a huge creep. He mumbled something but looked incredibly upset. He has been a bit withdrawn for a few days and Mom asked me what is going on with him. 

 I told her about this and mom was angry with me, she called me Idiot in a harsh tone (she rarely looses her temper) when I told her that and she said to let him be and not to talk to him about this ever. She also kept on talking about everyone in the house coming in her way when she was trying to do something good. I feel like I missed something here, My brother is still very upset and my mom still stares at me after time he is withdrawn or not participating in any conversations. I feel guilty as hell for this, I tried to do the right thing but I feel like I have fucked up here. I feel like I am missing something here and I thought my mom would be on my side on this and that she isn't say a lot.Breast Cancer treatment is expensive, and my parents don’t have the money to pay for it. I didn’t ask my wife beforehand because she doesn’t like my parents. And I didn’t want to cause any problems since there was no way I wasn’t gonna pay for it. I gave them 50k to cover all the eventual costs (hopefully, and yes, I know about gift tax) but if they need more then all they have to do is ask. 


I guess my wife must’ve noticed it was missing, I didn’t think she’d notice so quickly. But she was pretty upset. Finally I just had to tell her to shut up, because basically she was berating me over not letting my mom die from cancer. Like wtf, she’s literally talking about how the money could be used on our future. Cool, I’ll make more, but I’m not just gonna let my mom die so you can have more spa days.


Added information:


• all of our accounts are co-owned, so all money is, “shared”. Except the 1 account that’s in her name only, and gets 10% of everything I earn deposited into it.


• I’m the sole earner, but I don’t really care about that. Since I’ve got the financial part covered and the last thing I’m looking for in a partner is financial contributions. Couldn’t care less about it.


• I love my wife very muchMy sister (Liza 24f) had a minor surgery this month and she had asked me (23m) to drive my nephew (Sam 8) to and from school for 2 weeks while she's recovering. She doesn't want me to use my motorcycle so I had to take her car whenever I take/pick up my nephew. (I am a freelance programmer so I have the time freedom). Well last Monday after dropping off Sam, I accidentally rear ended a fellow motorist. The light turned yellow and I thought they were going to beat it. I apologized to the lady driver and we exchanged information. 

After I told my sister what happened she got pissed at me for being reckless. I apologized to her and gave her the lady's details. I thought that was it. I continued to drive my nephew to and from school using mom's other car. Yesterday Liza called me and asked when I'll be paying for her $500 deductible. At first I thought she was joking so I laughed and said, "that's funny, your kidding right?". But she said she's serious. I said I was doing her a favor and the least she could do is thank me. We argued and then I hung up. I still picked up Sam after school and told mom I don't think I'll be taking Sam tomorrow morning. Mom being the kindhearted woman that she is told me she'll pay for the deductible and I should just continue helping my sister. AITA? It's 4:30 am right now and I am still thinking if I really am at fault and should pay the $500 deductible. I don't want Sam to miss school just because my sister and I are having a disagreement.

(We live in the same Suburb. Sam's school is 30 mins away during morning rush)I'm in an all female Facebook group. The group is meant to promote unity amongst women and fight for social justice. A member posted that her partner is a lesbian and a kindergarten teacher. A parent requested her child be removed from her class after she found out she was gay. The student found out because the teacher showed off her new ring and wedding photos in class. The woman is upset that her principal told her it is best practice not to discuss personal lives with students. She wants the principal reprimanded for this statement. I questioned whether it is a statement made to all teachers, she acknowledged it is and that it was discussed last year after a similar incident occurred with a different teacher. I stated that she really isn't being discriminated against if all teachers are given the same rule. She sent me a long message accusing me of being homophobic and anti queer. I'm not either of those things, AITAMy boyfriend is really smart. He can be a bit abrasive sometimes but he is a great guy with a lot of heart. He treats me incredibly well. 

My friends hate him. They don't get along at all. It is understandable because my friends are just like him. They are very well educated. They have strong opinions and they like to argue about them. 

A lot of men are intimidated by them and he is not. He is willing to argue with them and I think my friend are used to their partners not being very argumentative. Lol. 



Well. Yesterday. One of my friend sent me a document and told me to read It. It was pretty much a group project trashing my boyfriend

They accused him of being sexist and racist. He isn't either. He is very progressive and treats me really well. They had taken things he had said in jest seriously. I didn't read through the whole thing and their was also some text about a few of them being uncomfortable around him. Which is crazy. He is very respectful.  My parents love him too. 

I told them I didn't appreciate them doing this and just because they didn't like him didn't mean that he was sexist and racist. One of them texted me back and told me they were done with me defending him and I was blind to how hard they had tried to tell me that his behaviour had hurt them and if I couldn't see it after they poured hours writing things out. I would never see it. 

I ignored it. My friends have been avoiding me. They haven't invited me to any thing. I feel like they are kicking me out. 

I feel horrible because my friends are good people and they have not liked my exes before but they have never gone this far. One of them also told me that literally everyone who isn't white had contributed to the document. I feel like shit.My husband says I am an AH, but I think I'm in the right here, so I wanted to have other perspectives. (I'm going to show this post to my husband).

3 weeks after giving birth, my MIL and SIL came to see my son at my house. They both offered to do some housework, to help my husband and me. They were both in the kitchen when I went downstairs to get something. I heard my SIL say "the baby ... isn't he funny looking?" my MIL laughed and told my SIL to save that conversation for another time. 

We all know that "funny looking" is code for "ugly" so I was supremely angry. When I called them out for what they were saying, they excused themselves by saying it was an innocent comment and that they weren't being serious when they said that.

My son's 1st birthday is next weekend and I invited most of our relatives except my MIL and SIL. When my husband asked me why I didn't want his mother and sister there, I reminded him of what they said about our son the first time they met him, and I told him that I still can't get over their comments (mostly because they haven't even apologize or something similar). 

My husband is mad at me now because I refuse to have them at the party. He says that everyone makes comments about the appearance of babies and that his mother and sister did not want to hurt me by what they said. He says I'm being unreasonable for not forgiving my MIL and SIL for something they said a year ago.My (F25) boyfriend (M30) is currently mad at me because of this issue. I love pepper so much, and my boyfriend never uses enough of it when cooking. He hates it and says it's fine if I add it to my dish after he's served it, but he refuses to add the amount that I want to the meal while it's cooking. He'll only add a little.

I think it tastes better if it's added while the meal is cooking, and it annoys me that he never adds enough. Last night he was making chicken soup, and its always so bland, and I know he would enjoy the pepper if he just gave it a try. So I added a heap of it to the pot, while it was on the stove.

When he tried some, he realised what i had done and was really angry. He said that it was inedible (it wasn't. I enjoyed it a lot and it's not going to go to waste.) And he had to make himself something else. He said I was a major asshole, and he also said that he planned on taking some over to his parents, but he can't now because his parents hate pepper too. 

I think he's overreacting but i feel kinda bad now. AITA?

ETA: I'm talking about pepper as in "salt and pepper" and it's blended peppercorns, not pre-ground lmao

EDIT: something that probably would have been worth adding into the post is that my boyfriend adds garlic to everything and I hate garlic and he refuses to make a dish without it. It's why I don't think it's fair that he won't add a bit more pepper for me when I have to put up with an ingredient that I dislike constantly. I didn't mention it because I didn't think it would be relevant but I think it might be now.

And yes, *he insists that I add garlic to every dish that i cook too*

update: my boyfriend and I made up last night, and I apologised for ruining the chicken soup, and he accepted my apology. But this morning, we had another fight because I told him that maybe we should start cooking for ourselves instead of each other, since we both like different things in our food. He likes a lot of garlic, and I don't. I like a lot of black pepper, and he doesn't. I told him that we should either make separate portions, and add garlic into portion meant for him, and black pepper into the portion meant for me. He didn't like this idea because he said it just created more work. I then said that maybe we could just cook for ourselves and not for each other. And days where i have to work late, i can eat leftovers from my dinner from the night before. He didn't like this idea either because he said that he doesn't like the idea of having to either cook for himself every night or be stuck eat leftovers on nights where he doesn't want to cook, since he usually doesn't like eating the same thing two nights in a row. So idk what to do now, it's a stalemate. All this over black pepper and garlic ._.
My sister started a company last year. I was feeling stifled in my last career path and I wanted to do something different. I jumped in with my sister. It meant a massive pay cut  and increase in responsibility. We can live comfortably off his income so we didn't change our lifestyle at all. 

 I am learning new things everyday. I love working with my sister. She is  smart and talented. There is always a new challenge that we have to solve. I am doing things that I never imagined I could. The hours are longer but I love every second of it. 

We were supposed to go out  last week but I had to cancel because we had an issue with a vendor which needed to be dealt with. I apologized but he is very upset about it. I have had to prioritize the business a few times before but he has always been understanding. I usually get back home after he has gone to bed but he was waiting for me that day. He was stewing and he was really angry. He said I was being an errand girl for my sister and I should realize my own value. He said my job was an absolutely shit deal for our family as I was gone longer and we made less money. 

He said he wanted me to quit my job and find something which paid better.  I told him that I wouldn't be quitting. I loved what I do and I hated that he is undermining my work. He just stopped arguing with me and said we could talk about it later. I feel like an asshole because this is literally the first time my husband is this angry and bitter. I have never seen him this upset. He is being very withdrawn and he is purposely working longer hours so we don't really see each other. I feel like I fucked up here. My husband is upset and hurt and I don't want to quit at all.About 2 years ago, I began an affair with my oldest daughters best friends mom. I loved my wife, and our three children (now 22f, 17m and 11f) but was going through a lot and made a mistake. I moved in with my girlfriend about a year later, but my ex wife and I remained close friends. She’s not an angry person, and we both wanted to prioritise the kids. 

My relationship with oldest daughter, however, has been extremely strained. She doesn’t talk to me, and when she does it’s to argue. She also blames me for her losing her best friend. My mom also, after finding out about the affair, wrote me a long letter, basically telling me how disappointed she was in me, which destroyed me. 

As my ex wife and I remain friends, and my current girlfriend doesn’t know my mom that well at all, I decided to ask my ex wife if she’d help me reconnect with my mom when I was over dropping our two youngest off back home. She said she would, and she did, my mom and I are doing really well at the moment because of her. 

My mom must’ve mentioned this in conversation to my daughter as they’re extremely close, and I ended up getting a call from my daughter hugely cussing me out, telling me I’m a horrendous excuse for a human and that I don’t care about her mom or her feelings at all, which simply isn’t true. 

After the call, I called my ex wife who eventually told me she was upset that I’d asked her and felt used. My daughter has blocked my number, and my ex wife hardly talks to me anymore. If my ex wife was upset she shouldn’t have helped me, or should’ve told me, and my daughter really shouldn’t get involved. I just think it’s extremely immature from both of them but I’ve been told by a few friends that I’m an ass. AITA?When I found out my sister was going to join the military it was a complete accident. Two times she left websites up on a computer that we all use and I figured once was a coincidence and twice was not. I told our parents about it when I found out. It looked like she was going to join the military but my parents said no. After that they sort of let it go because she still had a year of high school left and wasn't 18 yet. My parents also asked me to watch out for any other signs about joining. She disappeared one night but it was technically after midnight when our mom figured it out so she was technically 18 I guess. At any rate by the time my parents realized she was gone the cops and everyone think she was already out of Wyoming most likely.

My parents have spent all this time trying to figure out what happened. Firstly they found out my sister had done all this extra credit at school that they didn't know about and she already had enough to graduate even though she should of had another year. So we didn't even realize it was possible to join the military for her yet until March 2020 and by then she had already joined and finished boot camp. Secondly we eventually found out she joined the coast guard instead of the military which we did not expect at all. We found out because I've a friend who has a side hustle as an unofficial PI and he found out. We don't know where the coast guard sent her because they won't say I guess it might be classified or something. The only thing we got is an official let from a coast guard lawyer telling me to back off. He was not pleasant to deal with. Besides him some of my friends also say I was on the wrong side and not my sister for disappearing on my parents. They are still upset. My ex boyfriend and me had a big fight about it. That lawyer was not pleasant and I hated fighting with him. I would like to know who you think was right and who was The Asshole?MIL has three kids and 7 grandkids. I know how much she loves her children, but to be honest she isn't a very good grandmother. She doesn't spend much time with the kids, doesn't seem too interested, and honestly it is jarring to me because my family is the total opposite. Also note that she is in her mid-fifties, so not elderly, and very active and has a better social life then me, so I just don't want you picturing some crotchety old woman.

A couple years ago MIL sat her kids down and said she loves them, but she can't handle holidays anymore. She can't deal with having that many kids around, her nerves are shot, she dreads it. Also note that she was hosting Christmas, but I was doing Thanksgiving and SIL was doing Easter, so we weren't putting all of the work on her. I'm not invalidating her choice, but the whole thing seemed so weird to me.

Now she does thanksgiving with her friends, Christmas with just her husband, usually on vacation, and I don't know about Easter. My husband is very close to her and that's fine. He often has lunch with her during the work week, they talk a lot on the phone, and he has monthly family dinners which I don't go to, and which last until 1am. I'm fine with all of that.

We do holidays with my family and they love having the kids around. Recently we were talking about our kids, how fast they are growing up, what we'll miss, but also stuff we are excited about getting back to. He mentioned that he was looking forward to having holidays with his mom again at some point. I was surprised, but he said at some point our kids will be off, probably married, and holidays might be less hectic and he would like to spend some with MIL.

I said that she forfeited that when she opted out of all family holidays, and of course he should see her if he wants to, but I feel that she lost her holiday privileges. We ended up getting into an argument and I said he was being selfish and making me feel like our kids are an inconvenience. He accused me of just never liking his mom. I said his mom is whatever, but he better not think I'm ever spending holidays with her again, so he is no putting his mom before his wife.[removed]Throwaway for obvious reasons. 

So background my (34M) mother passed away about 10 years ago after a long illness. My father (65M) began dating his gf “Rita”  (58F) about 9 years ago. I have an okay relationship with Rita. My father is happy with her and that’s all that matters. 

My wife and I had our first child about 8 months ago. Our daughter is the first grandchild. 

On to the incident in question: so I was visiting my dad and Rita with my wife and daughter a few weeks before Christmas. And we got to taking about what will the grandkids call my father as we will set the precedent for any others that come after. I suggested what we used to call my own grandfather - Popa. My father said he doesn’t actually care what his title is he’s just happy to have a granddaughter. Rita piped up that my idea was a great one as she always prefers what we called my grandmother - Nonna. I looked to my wife as we had talked about this and she agrees with me. I said I don’t want to use that title for anyone other than my late mother. Even though she’s not here she will still be my kids Nonna. That’s how I’m going to refer to her as. I said my kids will probably just call you Rita. 

I could see from her face that she was upset by this. Also her own children are a good decade or more younger than myself and my siblings so her own grandchildren are a while off. 

She didn’t say anything that day but was very cool towards me, my wife, and daughter for the rest of the visit. 

I didn’t mean to hurt her feelings but her reaction has me thinking I may have been an asshole?Here's some context: I (38F) married my (49M) husband when I was 24 years old. At the time, I already had a 7yr daughter and I'd been a teen mom by myself for a long time. We'd met through our daughters' school because he had an 8yr daughter from a failed marriage that he was raising on his own. We got married fairly quickly at a big ceremony where I had used my savings to get a beautiful wedding dress. I was thrilled to finally have a dad for my daughter. 

My daughter "Lena" and my step-daughter "Maria" are both my children. Maria's mom had moved four states over when she was little and had no contact since, so it was easy for us to bond since I was the only mother she knew. 

The girls were treated the same way and nobody even realized that they weren't biological sisters. In fact, we had an ongoing joke that they were fraternal twins.

Maria got engaged to her high school boyfriend at 18, although both of them decided to wait to get married for a few years until they had decent jobs or were halfway through college. Two years later, Lena got engaged too. 

I'd originally saved my wedding dress for Lena, but to my surprise, both girls ended up wanting the dress. I refused to give it to one or the other but it wasn't a problem, as they decided that Maria would use it first at her wedding since she had been the first to get engaged. Lena would use it second, because she didn't plan on getting married soon and because she was a thicker girl than her sister so it would have to be altered. 

A few months after her engagement, Lena and her fiance were hit by a drunk driver. Her fiance survived. Lena didn't. 

Maria and I grew apart during this time.The grief was unimaginable and I couldn't eat or sleep properly for weeks. It was my own depression that made us lose our relationship because I pushed her and my husband away. I'm doing better now. Maria had pushed back the wedding when her sister died. Recently though, she rescheduled and everything seemed to be back on track. With the wedding date getting closer, Maria began to ask about my dress. 

But I couldn't imagine her wearing it, knowing that Lena never would. It felt like a betrayal to Lena to let someone else wear my dress. So I gently told her that I would pay for any dress she wanted and would take her shopping on a special mother-daughter trip. Maria was upset, insisting that she wanted to wear her mom's dress and that I had promised it to her before this happened so she should get to use it. 

Things got heated and she had the nerve to ask if I'd have let Lena still use the dress if she had been the one to die. I was so upset and shocked that I couldn't answer and she left. 

Later I tried to explain that I couldn't imagine letting Maria use the dress when her sister couldn't. Maria is extremely upset and won't speak to me. And my husband tells me I'm being an AH and that Maria is my daughter too and is alive and should get to use the dress. 

Aita? TDLR at the bottom. Usual sorry for any spelling errors or mistakes as this is on my phone. 

I went to go see my friend who we will call Jess (F24) last week she just recently had a baby 4 months ago & is now letting people come over. I was excited, she’s a good friend of mine & I love babies

I get there & we’re talking about all the adjustments you get with having a baby, I (23F) have 2 so I get it. This is her first and she did the usual rant about how she can’t sleep & he eats so much. Normal stuff. So I ask her how she is. I feel like most people only care about the baby so I make it a point to ask moms how they are handling. This is where our issue started.

Jess: Well it’s been great, I’m just struggling with the whole PPD

Me: what do you mean?

J: well it’s hard, everything is different, I feel fat I tried calling Kim but she’s busy at clubs & I can’t go I have the baby & my SO works nights. I’ve been depressed & exhausted. It’s just stressful.

Me:I get that, its all  pretty normal to feel after having a baby, it’s not PPD. 

J: No I have PPD. That’s why I feel this way. 

Me: no you don’t. You had a baby & life changed, that’s why you feel this way. Have you seen a therapist? Did they diagnose you with PPD?

J: *rolls her eyes at me* no, I don’t need one to tell me I have PPD. I know I do. A lot of woman struggle you should be sensitive to people’s issues

Me: I am sensitive to peoples issues I had PPD with my son, I spent a year in therapy trying to work through it. PPD isn’t all that common & it’s a horrible thing to minimize. 

J: if you had PPD then you get me & why I’m saying I have it. 

Me:Do you love your baby? Are you happy their here? Because I didn’t, when my son was 2 mo I didn’t. His dad could have taken him & left & I would have been relieved, I didn’t bond with him til he was over 1yo. The guilt from that alone? Staring at your child & knowing you feel nothing? & I didn’t get like that with my daughter. Only my son.

J: you have other issue if you didn’t love your child. What mother doesn’t love their own kid.

Me:it’s cool. Make PPD less serious, be the who says their bipolar because they get moody or that they have PTSD because they got a paper cut in 5th grade.

I left there wasn’t reasoning with her anymore & I was getting upset since it brought up feelings of guilt I had once I starting bonding with my son. 
Our friends say I’m a b*tch & I’m not entitled to all the pain in the world & jess has PPD. My friend thinks I’m NTA since she saw what I went through with my son
I feel like I’m TA because I lashed out at the end & made her out like an awful person who normalizes mental health issues to make themselves seem cool. 
AITA?

TDLR: my friend claimed she has PPD because she just had a baby but I told her she didn’t & what she felt was normal & we arguedHi Reddit, I know the title sounds bad but bare with me. I’m 42 and a single mother of three kids. Two daughters (20 and 10) and a son (18). I’ve raised the kids completely alone since their fathers couldn’t be bothered to be in their lives. My kids are my world and I did the best I could to support us while I made it through school to become a nurse. My oldest and I have always been best friends, I always joke shes my mini me. 

But recently out of nowhere, she’s like a stranger to me. Ever since I gave her the choice to move out and she did over a year ago… I barely see or talk to her anymore. She barely comes home and when she does, she’s only here to see her siblings. It feels like she’s avoiding me. I know she’s an adult but I can’t help but feel left out. 

Now for the fight… for background, my daughter came out to me around 9 months ago because she was afraid one of her other friends was going to out here. I told her I loved her and I would always put my issues aside for her. I thought everything was fine. Her girlfriend has been over the house to visit and for birthdays and I always make sure to be polite to her. We get along great! 


My daughter agreed to babysit her sister for a week while my son and I went on vacation. After making these plans, she and I got into an argument at a family party and she stopped speaking to me and only spoke to her siblings. I was scrolling on Facebook a few days before she was supposed to pick up her sister when I saw that she had changed her relationship status to in a relationship with (girlfriend) and another coming out post. I felt left out and hurt that she would do this without thinking about me. I’m her mother and she couldn’t even be bothered to text me about what she was going to do. I don’t care if she’s a lesbian not bisexual anymore but she should’ve told me she was fully gay before coming out on Facebook. I texted her about this and how hurt I was and lost her mind on me and called me homophobic. I’m a nurse, I couldn’t be one if I wasn’t accepting. My daughter is really mad at me and now won’t speak to me unless I agree to go to therapy with her. 

Reddit… AITA for being upset with my daughter for coming out to Facebook before me?[removed]I (28/f) live with my boyfriend (27/m). I moved in with him about 8 months ago. I have disabilities and sensory issues (this is important). In general he is respectful of the accommodations I need. 

My boyfriend is a professional sculptor and has his studio in our house. It's in a place I have to walk through to get to the bathroom and yard, and there's not another good place in the house for it. The problem is that I'm constantly affected by the way my boyfriend acts while he's working. He listens to music while he works (on his headphones), and is always "rocking out" with his body motions, mouthing the song lyrics, etc. He says it helps him work and I understand this. 

The main conflict is the constant dancing / mouthing lyrics, which he says shouldn't matter because it's silent. I tried to explain to him that with my sensory issues that's just the same as if I can hear the music. He said I could just enter that part of the house less while he's working...I mean, what? The bathroom is there...

There are also problems with him bringing buyers over to see his work, and we have policies around this (I need to be notified in advance and agree) which get broken. I've come home and there is a buyer in the house, and he thought it was fine because he didn't expect me home. Having a stranger in the house is very unsafe for me (I might be affected for days). He again suggested that I should just avoid his studio in that case, despite this being my home now too. 

I was having an extremely bad day yesterday (week, really) and I just needed restorative peace in my own house so I hid the key to his studio. I told him I would give it back in an hour and just needed total rest for now, and said to him (like he said to me so many times) that maybe he should spend the time in another part of the house. I really would have given the key back in an hour or so but he freaked out and bluffed that I was going to make him lose a commission if he couldn't work right then, which gave me an anxiety attack so (this is where I might be the AH) I didn't return the keys until that night. 

He thinks I'm the AH but I think for the most part I just wanted a little peace in my own home. AITA?

UPDATE: I accept that I am the AH for hiding the keys to my bf's studio. It was an AH moment. I was the AH. My boyfriend and I have now discussed several solutions to the problem I posted about, and none of them involve me hiding his keys. I will address other main comments:

- I asked my boyfriend if I am abusive. He said no, so there's that.
- To all of the disabled people who commented about work, I'm truly sorry you have to work while suffering through your pain, and that it's made you lack compassion for others. 
- To all of the non-disabled people who commented about work and social services, do any of you have any idea how hard it is to get a disability medically recognized in this country, let alone by the government? Why is it assumed that I never tried this option? Do you know what the government offered me? Not resources, not support. Not even the financial resources to get all of the medical consultations which I would need to be diagnosed and meet their criteria. They offered me skills training in jobs nobody would ever want. It's a broken system. There's no help to be had. 
- To random house layout questions, I didn't design this house, the bathroom is where it is, the doors are where they are.
- To statements that it's not a disability, it is. Sensory disabilities make some people able to perceive very minor sounds and vibrations that other people could not.I 53M have two daughters 21F and 19F they both live out of our home province for school. Since they both live so far away, and since they only visit for Christmas I always pay them back for whatever they spend on travel fees (one has to take a bus and a ferry to get to us and one has to drive ten hours.) I do this mostly because I know they won't come to visit me and my wife at all if I don't cover the cost of them taking time to travel here. Well, earlier this week I got a call from my eldest she told me what the cost of her traveling was going to be and if I could send her the money after she books. I told her no as she's working now on top of school so she can afford it and I'm tired of paying for their trips here, she blew up on me because she only made the trip to keep me and my wife happy so it's the least I can do. She hung up and told her sister what's going on so now their both not going to visit at all and are going to spend it together. My wife is all in a panic now because they're not coming and keeps telling me to fix it, I think that I'm right and they're not being grateful after everything I've given them before.

AITA for telling my kids I won't be reimbursing them for travel expenses?Me(34F) and my fiancé(42M) went to a party a Christmas party a few days ago, I know, I know stupid to gather but it’s a yearly tradition we couldn’t carry out last year.

We had drinks and dinner and when we were all sitting around chatting the topic of who our favorite person was, all of the other couples said that they were each other’s favorite person and I did the same for my fiancé, but when it came to him he said “My brother is my best friend and favorite person, I couldn’t choose anyone but him!” the room fell silent and a few of the other guests nervously laughed and tried to change the topic, but the energy was far too uncomfortable to do that and everyone started to go home.

When me and my fiancé got home I started to scream at him for embarrassing me in front of our friends and neighbors, he told me I was being insane and to just go to bed, we hardly talked for 4 days, yesterday I talked to him about it and told him I understood he was probably a bit tipsy and didn’t meant what he said, to my surprise he told me “I did mean it, my brother is my favorite person, you have to understand that” but I don’t. It hurts to know the person who I love more than anyone can put me behind anyone in is life. I told him to get a hotel for a while cause I didn’t want to see him, his mom and sisters have texted me telling m I’m being an over dramatic bitch, the wedding is in February and I am not sure if I want to marry someone who will always have me at second place. 
So, Reddit, AITA?I know the title might be confusing and I know this is some Jerry Springer lever shit, so bare with me. My MIL was my brother's PhD advisor. Without going into a bunch of unnecessary detail they fucked around, he got her pregnant, and it was a huge shock to my then fiancé and I. I was totally devastated for selfish reasons, but it just felt so icky. I was mad at MIL for not knowing better. I was mad at my brother for having a relationship with a woman who had treated me like trash. I was just mad that I was going to have a SIL who was also my niece.

MIL dumped my brother and said she had just been having fun and would never think seriously about a man significantly younger than her. My brother was devastated. He was very much under her spell and thought he was in love with her. MIL wanted to keep the baby but said she thought he had the right to opt out and she thought it would be wrong to ask him for any support, emotional or financial, and encouraged him not to sign the birth certificate.

He had some contact with his daughter, we'll call her "Grace" but MIL didn't want him around too much and he was in a dark place in his life. He got another advisor, but his motivation dropped and he graduated but wasn't happy with his work. He then began to realize how competative the market was and felt like his PhD was useless. I also think he associated the subject too much with her and was just disillusioned with everything. He settled for a job that has nothing to do with his degree and that he doesn't like, developed a little bit of a drinking problem, and saw Grace here and there.

MIL got a boyfriend her own age who Grace loved. She began to call him dad and they got married eventually. I have a hard time being around any of them for what MIL did to my brother. I make the occasional obligatory visit, but honestly I hate her.

Grace never wanted much to do with her bio dad, but in the past couple years he's gotten his life together, married a very sweet woman, and had a baby. Grace makes no effort to see him (she is 15 now) and all Grace cares about is that her asshole stepdad is going to buy her a fancy car next year. However she sometimes makes comments about how my brother is a real dad to the baby.

We went to MILs house last night for one of those super not fun obligatory dinners. MIL wanted Grace to pack her lunch for her tournament the next day and told her to put the phone down and come do it. Grace replied "hold on, I'm talking to my sperm donor" and I snapped and told her she is a spoiled brat and how dare she call her father that. She doesn't know anything about what he has gone through and he does love her, but she only cares about what her stepdad buys her.

MIL immediately yelled at me and asked me to leave. She says I crossed a huge line and I owe Grace an apology.My husband is 33 years old, and I am 30 years old. We have a three-year-old son.

Yesterday, my husband and I were out shopping, and we came across a sweater he really liked. I'll acknowledge that it fit him really well, which is rare because he is large in the shoulders/arms yet lean in the stomach. Most things that fit him well in his shoulders droop down over his stomach.

He told me that since he had gotten his winter bonus, he'd like to buy it. I looked at the price tag and saw that it cost almost $500. First, I asked if he knew the first thing about taking care of cashmere - well, no. I asked if he knew he had to maintain it properly so it wouldn't get big lint balls and be thrown out at the end of winter. Again, no. 

I know my husband. Maybe he would commit to the proper maintenance once or twice. Then he would just wear it like you'd throw on a $10 sweatshirt. I think on some level he knew this too.

So, I said I opposed him buying it. Money wasn't exactly an issue, but for a guy who usually wears jeans and a long-sleeve shirt, I can't imagine why he would need an expensive delicate sweater like that. I told him I would be happy to shop with him more to find something else that fit him, but he immediately began sulking and just gave up.

On the ride home he was just quiet, still pouting about the sweater. In the evening, he approached me and said that he hated getting my approval for buying his own clothes, and really wished I'd have more faith in him. I can kind of understand where he was coming from, but as a couple, mutual financial decisions should be made mutually, right? Or was I just an asshole for saying no?[removed]My son is 17 and lives with my ex wife.for over a year he has refused to speak with me because he doesn't like my gf. The only connection I had with him was paying $30 a month for his phone bill. I saw him at the store the other day and tried to talk to him but he told me to go fuck myself.

He should be grateful I payed his phone and decided to get it shut off since he doesn't deserve it. The next day when my ex asked if I had stopped paying on it I said that I had it shut off and she flipped out on me. I have done nothing but be a good father to him and the way I see it if he's going to talk to me like that then he doesn't deserve a phone. 

I also found out he had my number blocked on his phone. Aita[removed]Background: I (23F) have been married to my husband (25M) for two years. The one thing he always said is he doesn't dance. At all. I LOVE to dance, took dance growing up, frequented the clubs pre-covid and always find an excuse to dance

&#x200B;

It took some tough negotiations to get him to agree to three dances at our wedding and it hurt.  A husband should want to dance with his new wife, hold her close, or bounce and smile with her. 

He also hates social media. He only has facebook for his grandmother and family who live in other states or countries.

&#x200B;

Situation: On Saturday, I went out with some of my girlfriends, had lunch, some drinks and chatted the day away while my husband was home alone, doing a deep clean of the house like he does every Saturday.   Well, the conversation of some changes we did to our kitchen came up, and my friends wanted to see, but I didn't have any pictures, so I pulled up our in-home security cameras to show them the work we did.  We were all in shock when I pulled up the cameras because there was my husband, dancing like crazy, jamming out like no tomorrow, while cleaning the kitchen. After a few more drinks, my friends convinced me to post the video clip on Instagram and title it something like, "Apparently, my husband doesn't dance." It was SO cute and silly; I immediately saved the clip of it to my phone. It blew up. 200 shares and almost a thousand comments within an hour. 

&#x200B;

After seeing that, my friends said I should put it on TikTok, making me go viral!  Somewhat drunk, rather excited about going viral and just thinking it is charming and adorable, I posted it on TikTok, turned my phone to Do Not Disturb because the Instagram notifications were blowing up my phone and continued my day with my friends.

&#x200B;

When I got home 3 hours later, my code to our front door didn't work. I went to ring our doorbell, and it was ripped out of the wall. My husband met me at the door when I knocked, and his face was a stormcloud. He let me in, and I was shocked by the scene that greeted me. All the in-home security cameras were ripped off the walls, smashed with a sledgehammer in the middle of the floor, and my bags were packed and put beside the front door.

&#x200B;

He told me that I betrayed his trust, breached his privacy and absolutely humiliated him.  Some of his friends had been making fun of him for hours because of the video I posted and sent him screenshots of some of the comments.  Obviously, they cherry-picked only the meanest and rudest comments.  He forced me to delete the video off Instagram and TikTok, and then kicked me out of the house and said his lawyer would be contacting me shortly for the divorce.  

&#x200B;

He didn't give me a chance to explain my side of everything or show him all the positive comments and love he was receiving.  I thought it was adorable and shared the video initially because I love him. Some of our mutual friends said what was I did to him was horribly cruel and really hurt him. 

&#x200B;

AITA?Some context: me(25M) and my wife (25F) started dating back in university, though we didn't hang out much together with other people since we had a different friend group, even so, I did end up meeting a few of her friends, in particular, one of her male friends (who I'll call James for the sake of the story) who seemed to be extremely close with my wife. it didn't bother me much until the third time we met, where he made a joke about how he and my wife used to date and after that every time we talked or hung out together it seemed more and more apparent that he still had feelings for her.

Now to the real story, A few days ago me and my wife were planning who we were going to invite to our wedding and I specifically asked her not to invite James she looked up at me with a confused expression and asked why I tried explaining to her that James obviously had feelings for her and how I felt uncomfortable with someone that has feeling for her to be at our wedding before she cut me off and said she wasn't going to uninvite one of her best friends to her wedding because I felt like he has " feelings" for her. We ended up arguing about and now she won't talk to me.

So am the asshole in this situation?i (f18) live with my parents and my little sister (f14). our parents both work afternoon/nights so it’s usually just the two of us home on our own. before my mom leaves for work she’ll usually cook something for my sister and i to eat for dinner so we don’t have to order in. my sister lately has taken up cooking and has been making a bunch of new food though. 

truthfully she cooks better than my mom so i usually just eat what she makes. my mom learned of this and told my sister to cook for me if i got hungry. my sister agreed and has been cooking for me almost everyday. when i was hungry yesterday i went to the kitchen and saw my mom didn’t make anything so i went to ask my sister if she would be cooking for us. 

she said she was tired and didn’t really feel like cooking. i didn’t understand why she said that when she basically just stayed in bed all day so i asked if she could just cook for me since that was easier. she said no again and got a little huffy and told me to leave her alone. i left her room and called my dad and told him she didn’t want to cook and asked if he could order  me food. 

he said he would call me back in a second and hung up. a few minutes later my sister comes storming out of her room asking why i told our dad she didn’t want to cook for me. turns out after he hung up he called her and told her to cook for me or else she’d get in trouble. she hates getting in trouble so that line always works on her. i asked what she would be making and she yelled at me and said she wasn’t going to cook and that if i was so hungry to just cook for myself. 

i hate cooking it’s hard and things get greasy easy and i always get hurt. it’s because of this i wanted my sister to cook for me because she’s more experienced and the food she makes would taste better.  i told her she knew i hated cooking so why would i do it and that since she’s been cooking for me almost everyday she should be used to it and just do it. 

she called me an AH and slammed her door and didn’t come out for the rest of the night. am i really the AH here? i was just hungry and asked nicely if she could cook and she just blew up at me.


edit: a lot of these comments are saying the exact same thing and i don’t wanna repeat myself over and over again so i’m not responding to comments anymoreI (23F) was talking to a friend (26M), was causal conversation. At the time he was cooking dinner and was complaining that his curry was done before his rice. He added that he loves rice and always makes it which wore out his rice cooker over time.

I asked why does he eat rice so much, to which he replied that it goes with everything. I disagreed and told him that it doesn’t go with cheese, he said that he doesn’t eat cheese, he’s good. I was shocked, telling him how cheese is love; after i sent that i realised that i fucked up cause i forgot he’s vegan. (I should’ve apologised at this point) 

He told me that cheese costs the life of many cows and calves, naively i replied that no cow has to die for us to get their milk, so he asked what do you think happens after the cow can no longer provide milk? Jokingly, i replied “eat them”.

He stopped talking to me since. I felt terrible, i apologised later and told him that i do understand where he’s coming from. He told me that i didn’t, or else i wouldn’t contribute to it. I added that i don’t eat meat that much, but he just continued to ignore me.

After couple of days, i still felt terrible, like i genuinely insulted him, didn’t want to lose a friendship over it. So, i apologised again, for the last time. A day later he replied, “it’s not me you need to apologise to, it is the animals”. At this point i didn’t know what to reply to that. 2 days laters i replied “sorry cows”. 

Its been over a month now, still no reply.

TDLR; i told a vegan friend that cheese is life forgetting he was vegan, he got insulted; after me apologising multiple times he asked me to apologise to the animals.Hello reddit!

You guys were pretty helpful with my past conflict with my husband and am looking for some insight on an issue I am currently having with my daughter.

My daughter and her husband were happily married for several fabulous year and he really truly became a part of our family. Unfortunately he was not faithful and kept some important events from my daughter and she filed for separation a little over a year ago.  My daughter was besides herself and I can't stand that as a mother and have really tried to be there for her in this time of loss for her.

When the separation first took place she was just trying to communicate with him and he made it pretty hard for her.

Anyway, he called me recently looking to reconcile with my daughter and wanted to know her knew number (she changed it for a fresh start) He seamed really apologetic and looking for a good outcome so I gave him her number. Now all of my kids are mad at me especially the one who's number I gave out. AITA? I was just trying to help!

edit- I am here for judgement on this situation not my parenting, I love my kids and always have their best interest in mind. I saw him reaching out as a turning point in their marriage and I just wanted to help, I guess I was in the wrong though I know my heart is in the right place. I will be apologizing as soon as I no longer feel like im being attacked by my family

edit 2- my marriage or my past infidelity is not the question, lets be adults and stay on the post at hand.An idea that I'm seriously debating mostly because I think it'd be funny, but also, useful.

I (29, F) am getting married to my fiance (30, M) in two weeks.

One of my pet peeves is when people other than the bride wear white to weddings.  In the US - especially midwest (if you're not from here), this is a well-known NO NO, and it's seen as disrespectful.

We were at a family wedding a couple weekends ago, and I noticed two family members that are also attending our wedding wearing white (probably closer to cream) pantsuit and dress.

The issue is, they play dumb so they act like they haven't heard basic wedding etiquette.

My solution to this is to buy cheap bright green t-shirts and write in a sharpie "I wore white to the wedding", and so my wedding coordinator can hand them out to any guests breaking this "rule".

It's funny in theory, but idk if I can go through with it because it seems like I'm a bit of a bridezilla if someone actually has to wear it.

Whatya think Reddit?I’m mom to two boys, Zonnie (7M) and Xavier (5M). My husband Carl (45M) has Chasity (16F) from his ex-wife. They had split custody but ex actually passed a few months ago. So understandably Carl got full custody. Chasity has lived with us full-time for about 3 months.

It was an adjustment but there’s been few issues. Chasity is a nice enough girl, not really argumentative like a lot of kids that age. I’ve been trying not to meddle around in her life because at her age it’s her choice what relationship she has with me. I’d say we’re on decent terms. But then my work changed my hours.

I used to work an 8-2:30 shift and husband the traditional 9-5, so it meshed well with getting boys to school/preschool. Now I’m doing 10:30-5. It’ll be better pay and our family can certainly use the extra money, but Zonnie and Xavier leave school at 3. I could time a break to get them from school but I can’t watch them while I work the rest of the day. Chasity, however, her school ends at I think 2:20. I really don’t see any reason why she can’t watch the boys for a couple hours until we get back.

Chasity had a fit though, she said she doesn’t want to babysit. Apparently she wanted to do a few clubs this semester and would have to stay after school. I understand where she’s coming from but told her that just isn’t going to work this time around, maybe things will be different next semester. She also told me Zonnie in particular “isn’t nice to her”, but that really sounds like an excuse since she hasn’t said anything before.

Carl sides with me. He believes that Chasity absolutely should help out with her brothers, it sucks she had other plans but we all have things that we do for family. He told her this. Chasity is still pissed and says we’re both “assholes who are ruining her life”. Those were her exact words and Carl ended up taking her phone as result of it.

I feel like this is primarily just teen melodrama, but she’s still terse (this was several days ago) and I really am wondering if I overstepped. I feel for her not getting to do her extracurriculars, but I definitely believe we all have obligations to our loved ones and this is one. AITA?

&#x200B;

Edit: Chasity will be paid for this, she'll get $10 a day.My husband and I have 3 kids, 11,7, & 2.  He's a great dad and spends a lot of time with the kids, but he can also be very spontaneous.  None of his close friends have kids and they live their lives very much moment-to-moment.  If they want to do something, they will do it.  They don't have many obligations so they have that freedom.  However, when they try to include my husband it's often very last-minute and that causes issues.

I have always been a planner and now that we have kids who have their own interests and activities, I feel we as parents need to pretty much plan our lives around our kids.  We both see friends still, but not as much as either of us would like.  So when my husband gets a call from a friend to do something that same day, it throws a huge wrench into everything.  There have been many times when my husband gets a call and wants to do something with a friend but I remind him of something we have to do related to the kids or around the house.  It's not that he forgets about these things, it's just that he has no problem putting off chores or thinks he can take one of our older kids with him.  Our 11 and 7 year olds have zero interest in going golfing or fishing with my husband and his friends and I'm not going to force them to do that.

So I've pretty much told my husband that if he wants friend time, he needs to plan it out in advance so that we can schedule around it if needed.  To his credit, he does do this, but he still feels like he's missing out on things he wants to do with his friends.  He says he feels like a robot who just takes orders half the time and that he has no autonomy to make his own decisions. He says that my strict adherence to scheduling things makes him feel smothered and I have to remind him that those schedules are the only reason our lives aren't complete chaos (or more than they already are).

Well, this past Friday I got a call from an old friend from college who had a layover in our city but had a flight cancelled.  She asked if we could get together that night.  We haven't seen each other in years so I was excited to get together.  I told my husband about it and he got kind of pissy.  

He asked why it was ok for me to just tell him that I'm making last-minute plans when he has to plan his social life out weeks in advance.  I told him this was different because he still sees his friends regularly and this is someone I rarely see.  

I met up with my friend and had a great time catching up.  But when I got home my husband was very cold to me and wouldn't come to bed with me.  He told me he just wanted some time to himself and stayed up late playing video games.  The rest of the weekend he was pretty short with me too so I finally asked him what his deal was.

He told me he's just trying to come to terms with the fact that I have rules for him that don't apply to me.  I told him to get over himself and that this was a one-time thing, but he doesn't seem to get it.Obligatory throwaway comment, yada yada. 

I'm getting married in a few months and there is a bit of a running joke among my friends that I am much more attractive with a beard. My fiancé does not see it this way (and after all she is the one that matters) so I have largely been clean shaven for the last several years. This is not relevant to the story but perhaps the context is helpful. 

My fiancé sent out an itinerary for the groomsmen on the day of the wedding and one of the notes involved being "clean shaven." My friends assumed that meant, essentially, clean up and don't look sloppy - but my fiancé does in fact mean please be clean shaven for pictures etc. I don't think my friends look sloppy with beards/stubble, but she does, so here we are. For me, it's not that big of a deal to shave for one day, and my fiancé is very firm on this. Objectively I don't care either way, but I have her back. 

WIBTA making them do this? Is she being a bridezilla? I've seen many posts here of things brides make their bridesmaids do and don't think this even on the same spectrum, but I need an outside opinion.

EDIT: some comments have asked for more info or clarification so adding here:

Of the groomsmen, one does have a longer, fuller beard than the rest, going on several years. Fiancé did say this person could be exempted. However another friend who has not "shaved" in years (i.e. fully clean shaven) but rather trims his stubble down every few days or so, is not exempt. He considers this a beard/style. So I suppose an added layer is at what point does stubble become a facial hairstyle, if that even matters as she would still be requesting them to do something they do not want to do. That would negate some of the comments discussing the commitment that growing a beard takes over time, but this is still a request to change your appearance for the sake of a wedding.[removed][removed]My daughter (17) is a senior in high school. She did independent studies for the fall semester last year and failed 4 classes because she didn't finish the work in time. Then she did zoom school for the spring semester and had all C's and D's mostly because she didn't do her homework. 

This year I've been a lot harder on her. I have her canvas account connected to my phone so I can see her assignments, the due dates, the grades, and if they were missing. I've also been a lot more strict with her technology. She's not allowed to use her phone or tablet until after I check all of her homework, I take all of her electronics at 8:30, her curfew is 7, and she's not allowed to go out with her friends on school days. 

My wife keeps saying I'm too hard on her and wants me to give her more freedom but last year I gave her freedom and she either failed almost failed all of her classes. We've been getting into arguments about it a lot lately and she's even threatening divorce.

So far she's doing better than last year. The only thing is, she's still missing too many days of school (she gets migraines and leaves early or stays home whenever she gets them) and her makeup work was starting to pile up. 

She got extensions on her missing assignments but today her grades in English, math, and government went from A's to D's and F's because she was supposed to turn them in either today or yesterday. I called her to the kitchen and yelled at her for not turning in her assignments and I took her electronics and grounded her until her grades went back up. She started crying and ran to my wife. My wife yelled at me again for being too hard on her and she took our daughter's electronics back and left with her. She won't talk to me and she turned off the location services so I don't know where they are.

AITA for yelling at my daughterMy husband and I got married a couple years ago and we were broke and planned on doing everything very low budget. MIL and I had an alright, though never close relationship, and she said I could burrow something to wear. she has a job which results in her getting invited to a lot of black tie events, and she had plenty of evening gowns. I was very grateful, though disappointed because none of them felt bridal, but obviously it isn't her fault that we were broke. 

While looking through her dresses I found her wedding gown from her marriage to FIL. It was a beautiful vintage gown that she got in France and it was probably one of a kind. Her and FIL were in the process of an extremely nasty divorce and he had been cheating. I asked if I could wear it and she said she had to ask her parents because they paid for it. I thought that was kind of weird, because obviously they gave it to her and had never asked for it back, but I didn't think much of it. MILs parents are super nice and inviting, so I wasn't worried.

A few weeks later, MIL said she had been cleaning her closet and found the perfect dress for me. It was gold and sparkly, and really not the bridal dress I wanted, so I asked if she had asked her parents about the wedding gown, and she admitted that she had left it out after I left and the next night she had cut it up in a drunken rage. I was in total shock and very emotional. I ended up settling for something else, but I kept thinking about that dress she had destroyed, and honestly it made me come to dislike her a bit.

That was about three years ago and she just got engaged and not going to lie, i'm not super happy for her, because she selfishly destroyed what could have been a beautiful family heirloom. We had a family dinner recently and MILs mom is just over the moon about the engagement because she still lives in 1950 and thought her daughter was a spinster.

MIL made a comment about how happy she is and how she thought she was just going to be a bitch forever after the divorce. Then she laughed again and was like I was super mean for a year. Her mom immediately was like no you are perfect. MIL started recounting the stuff she destroyed, FIL's car interior, her stepmother's living room, and then the dress. Her mom tried to reassure her that was normal behavior and at this point I was annoyed and chimed in that it wasn't normal and destroying that dress when she knew how much I wanted to wear it was really fucking selfish. MIL immediately started to play the victim about how I don't care about her at all, she was depressed, how dare I bring this up. MIL's fiancé called me trashy and a gold digger, so we left, but no everyone in the family is taking sides and pretty divided over who was the asshole.I have performed in amatuer theatre for over 20+ years and can now project my voice quite a distance thanks to many of the roles I've had *(this is important later)*

Two weeks ago I was staying at my friend's house overnight because I was helping with renovations and it was just easier to stay the night and finish the reno the next day than make two return trips (plus his wife is a great cook)

They have told me many stories about their annoying neighbour across the road who complains when their kids are playing outside or that they *don't like seeing so many cars parked on the street when my friends are hosting a dinner party* (wtf?)

So, Sunday morning 7:15 there is rapping at the door and I open it as I was up making coffee. It is the old witch neighbour telling me that I have to move my work truck \*\*now (\*\*parked in front of my friend's house) because she has guests coming for lunch at **11:30** Never being at my best this early on a Sunday I go full King Lear on her raising myself up and giving her a death stare "**Begone you feculant hag! And take your miserable & selfish behaviour with you! "**

She screamed and ran away (*pretty good burst of speed for a 66 year old , lol*) I woke up everyone in the house, the neighbours dogs on both sides went crazy barking and a few people came out of their house to see what the hell was going on. I just waved and said sorry

My friend thought it was hilarious but his wife thinks I am the AH for waking up their kids and disturbing the neighbourhood so early on a Sunday morning.

So AITA for scaring the old bat and waking up the neighbourhood (They haven't heard from her since then)[removed]So about a week ago I had the idea to set out my two friends with each other because they both thought each other were cute. They start talking for about a week and then out of the blue i get a text saying that i am an asshole and a sick fuck for doing that even though i had no clue she was autistic but he keeps saying i should have been able to see it and that i am in the wrong for not noticing that she has aspergers, it has never been told to me and never even brought up in conversation AITA.We are in the US right now with a group of friends. Ofcourse we are trying out a ton of things and are indulging in fast food. Like a lot!

We are 6. So most of the times we go eat together and then split up according to what we want to do.
We stay in airbnbs and stuff. This morning some of us where out and we wanted to see where we eat.

I txt in the group chat If we wanted to go to chick Fila because we hadn't tried it.

To make voting quick we send an 👍or👎. Literally everyone send a👍 besides our friend Melissa. Usually democracy wins but Melissa said this. Imma copy it in here.

"hey dudes! I know majority rules as it should hahaha. But I'm giloing to sit this one out. I think I'm going to go back to the apartment and take a nap or something. If someone is going to [redacted] after lunch call me 😁"

I was kinda annoyed because I have also eaten at places I didn't want to because the group wanted to. So I hit her up privately and asked if she was feeling sick. This is our conversation

Me :Dude u feeling okay? Or why won't you come?


Nah I. Feeling fine don't worry ☺️ Don't agree with Chick-fil-A is all.

Me :???

LOL is nothing! Enjoy it.


Me :What do you mean you don't agree?

It's just that I don't agree that they find anti LGBTQ causes. And I don't wanna support that.

Me: So we are bad people for going? Jesus christ dude. It's not gonna make a difference if you go or stay. Like it's 10 bucks.


Again. No thank you.

Me :You didn't answer the question. You think we are bad people for going?

I'm not gonna answer that

Me:That's answer enough.

I am annoyed because she alway does this attention seeking shit. She refuses to eat chicita bananas because of some thing they did in her home country. Neste products are a no go. It's so difficult to enjoy something when you know that person is so morally opossed go everything. She doenst buy stuff at hm because fAsT fAsHiOn. I'm so sick of it.

At the restaurant another friend was missing because she decided to stay with Melissa because I apparently upset her. Melissa isn't talking to me and our group said she is entitled to her opinion. I think its super annoying.

AITA?I’ve been married husband of almost 21 years. And I wanted to ask people if they thought I was wrong for using using our joint account to buy his present. 


Context: 


**we do not have separate finances** (which honestly don’t make sense In A marriage).


He makes a **huge** majority of the money (more than 10x more than me), but we have this thing where 90% of his total income, and 10% of mine go into the merged account. And then what’s left over (10% for him, and 90% for me) goes into personal accounts - Since it works out to about the same amount.


I used money from our joint account to buy his present. 


What happened: 


I bought him a watch for his birthday. But it would’ve taken more what was in my fun money account. But I thought he’d like it (he did). So I used money from our merged account. And he liked the gift. He was just puzzled by the fact that I didn’t talk to him before I spent over 20k. But he didn’t come right out and say it. I had to push him for it. Cause he looked disappointed in me.


**I bought him a watch for 24k. Out of the joint account since I didn’t have enough in my “fun money” account**

 


**THE GIRL IN THE OTHER GUYS POST IS NOT ME. The story doesn’t even match up if you actually read the details.**


**my husband is not upset about the gift. He loved it. He was just disappointed I didn’t talk to him before spending 20k+. Because he would have. And he’s right. He would never spend that much without talking to me. He wasn’t upset since deep down he sees all money as our money. I just want to know what other people thought**


**we’re 38 and have been together for 22 years. Married for almost 21.**Years ago my daughter (Sarah 37) had a fling with a man she met on a trip, she got pregnant with twins decided to keep them. She has been a single mom since. She is always been flaky but she is a great mom and the kids have a good stable life.

Lately the twins (Ben and Matt 11) had been asking a lot about their bio father, they're curious but Sarah refuses to speak of him, she only says their time together was brief and she really didnt know him.

Matt and Ben want some of those DNA kits for christmas, they're kids but i know they're serious on this search. I told Sarah this is going a bit too far and she needs to be open with them.

Throughout the years I've tried to encourage her to contact him for the kids benefit, but she says the twins are only hers.

After arguing for a while she admitted she is afraid he will reject them 'What if he doesnt want to know them' she doesnt want to put the kids though that.

I said 'He is not a 20 year old broke college student anymore. He is a homeowner, has a stable job; he even fostered a little girl that had no place to go. I think he could be a good father to the kids if you give him a chance'

She asked how did i know all that and I told her the truth, I hired a PI to look for him the moment she told me she was pregnat and I've been keeping tabs on him ever since, just in case she ever change her mind.

She was furious, told me I had no right to do that in the first place and ask me to leave. On the way out the twins begged me to tell them everything and sent a message to their father for them.

I'll admit I was upset.

At home I sent him a message telling him all.

I tried reaching out to Sarah and the kids but they ignored me for days.

He must have contacted Sarah because she called yelling at me that I went over her head and this wasnt my decision to make, I told her the kids deserve to know where they come from, besides they're his kids too.

My son is mad at me too saying i handled this all wrong, not only putting a strain in my relatioship with Sarah but maybe dropping a bomb on that fellows life, which i found absurd he is single if anything it's a chance for him to step up and being a dad.

So reddit AITA?

Edit to answer a few things I see popping up: 
I am the grandfather.

The relatioship was consensual but it was a one night stand kind of thing.

She never told him she was pregnant, she felt she was ready to be a mom and that he was too young to really help.

All the info I have of him was public or so I was told.    

Edit 2 You all gave me a lot to think about. I decided to give Sarah and the kids some space. I will help them anyway I can but some time apart might be good for us.

Despise what some of you think I do love my daughter.  

I had good intentions but that's not enough. I was reckless and petty. Right now I can only try to be better in the future. Might not be enough but that's all i got.At my local grocery store we have a system where you go around the store clockwise and up and down the rows in an order. It's not like it's a rule anyone needs to explain but it's a pretty clear etiquette and 99% of people are reasonable enough to follow the route.

I (26m) was at the store the other day and there was a guy (30s?) who was going backwards around the store. I understand people sometimes forget things or they have a list and want to miss a section but this guy was causing serious issues. I mentioned pretty loudly to my wife so he could overhear that some assholes clearly don't understand the system and he glared at me and turned around to go the right way around.

Less than five minutes later we bump into the same guy again so I told him there was an etiquette to the store and why couldn't he follow it? He told me it wasn't any of my business unless I worked here and we had a pretty loud disagreement which ended up in us both being asked to leave the store.

My wife thinks I took it too far and should have stayed quiet but unless people are expected to follow the route and given space to enforce it what's the point?So this is a bit hefty. My parents kicked me out at 17 and I was taken in by my girlfriend's family. Her dad helped me get my life on track, I went to college, graduated, got a great job all because of him. The man was like God to me. When I married my girlfriend, his wife was pregnant (they had my girlfriend at the age of 19). My FIL and MIL died when I was 28. My wife and I didn't want kids that early into our marriage but we couldn't let her sister Kate just go so we took her in.

Now my wife and I are 48 and Kate is 24 and getting married next year. Her fiancee proposed yesterday and as Christmas gifts she's giving us all our roles. My wife was given the mother of the bride role (but will be called sister of the bridge). Our daughter is the flower girl and our son is the ring bearer (her fiancee is really close to our kids). She asked me to walk her down the aisle.

My FIL loved his daughters more than anything, he said that getting to walk my wife was the best moment in his life. Kate asked me to walk her down the aisle and I agreed but she knew something was off. She asked me why I was hesitant and I admitted that I didn't want to take it from her dad and would rather not do it because it would be wrong but would still do it for her. She flipped and called me an asshole for not wanting to do it. She said I should stop clinging to the memory of somebody she can't even remember.

I talked to my wife and she said it also felt wrong to her for Kate to erase her parents with us but I should've kept my mouth shut and just lied. I talked to my cousin and he said I wasn't in the wrong.

Edit:

Since people think I said I'm not doing it. I am doing it. I still will walk her down the aisle, I just feel like the wrong person to do it. Her father was an amazing man and I just don't know it feels like I'm disrespecting him.

Edit 2:

Update Comment - [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/rntot9/comment/hpwfh3c/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/rntot9/comment/hpwfh3c/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)[removed]My wife and I have been together for almost eleven years, and we have two beautiful kids. I love her more than anything, but she gets overly pushy a lot of the time about what I apparently should be doing as a husband, which is much more than what I view as my half of our relationship. 

I'm hardworking. I've been working for my company since I was 22, and I've climbed to a more than comfortable pay grade with plenty of benefits. My wife decided to quit her low-paying retail job after our first kid and became a stay at home mom with an Etsy store on the side. I respect all that she does, but her job is honestly to just stay home all day with our family, "clean" our house (she acts like this is the biggest part of her job, but our house is never close to messy and our oldest has chores to help), make jewelry, and cook meals. People may hate me, but honestly it's an easy life, and something I think most people would like to do over a 9 to 5.

She says that this is her half, and my half should be (this is from a literal list she has written me): 

A. Take her on a date once a week, and it should regularly be a nice one. 

B. Provide her with some extra money each month for "non-necessities" like hair, entertainment, etc. 

C. Take her on "vacation" with me to a work retreat in Hawaii. 

D. Take some time off once a month to go out with the family.

The last one is impossible, my job is too competitive and I'm lucky I get Christmas off. I can't take her to my work retreat, a few people are bringing their spouses but I know she is just going to demand my attention away from the actual reason I'm there. Also, we would have to spend thousands on childcare, as we have no relatives who would be willing to come watch the children. 

The others: she makes income from her Etsy store for anything she may need for herself, and I already pay for literally everything else we have and do. I take her out for special occasions, I don't have the spare time between being on-call and being at work to do it once a week. If she wanted to go so bad, she could take me, but she hasn't taken ME on a date since we first got engaged. I feel so unappreciated by her words. Her treating my overtime and crammed schedule as my fuck-up and not a blessing to our family really opened my eyes to how she percieves us.

I told her about my schedule and how busy I was, and she accused me of lying and possibly cheating. Which I am not. I snapped back and asked how dare she when I take care of both of our lives by working, while she gets to stay home with the family and do her hobbies. I said I felt unappreciated, and that I've already given her the world. This started another huge fight about how her job is apparently so much more demanding than mine, and I have no respect for her. I tried to reason with her by saying I'd take her on more dates when I could, and taking her out for dinner the next night, but she's still fuming about everything three days later. Am I the asshole?

edit: Well, I tried. I sat her down and apologized with flowers. I said I wasn't holding her position as a SAHM in as high of regards as I should, and I would try to do as much of her list as I could. I told her I would try and cut down my hours, and give her $250 a month for whatever she needed to buy apart from the kids. She blew up, saying that was nowhere near enough money, I needed to take her to Hawaii (it's almost impossible at this stage of planning, I said I'd ask my boss), and that the hour cuts were an empty promise. I promised her they wouldn't be, she brought a new thing forward I hadn't heard, I'd promise to work on it and we'd talk, and there would be another issue again. This kept happening for a good two hours.

I'm exhausted. I get you all think I'm a dick but I feel drained too. I'm human, a very overworked and biased one. I admit that I didn't fully comprehend my wife's duties, but I am working on myself and she seems past the point of forgiving me. I feel like I could fix everything and she would still hate me, but I'm going to try anyways for my daughters.I (22f) am a bit of a language nerd. I lived in Andorra when I was 4-7 and 11-13 and Galicia, Spain 14-16 so I speak Catalan French and Spanish ( languages of Andorra,  Galician and Portuguese. My parents spoke to me in German growing up and I've self taught myself Russian and Ukrainian, though my Ukrainian could be much improved. 

I'm currently learning Kurdish, I spend several hours a day memorizing vocab, reading it and I have online friends in Iraq and Turkey who I speak with. I currently live in a small town in Montana and I never hear people speaking languages other than German. 

A few days ago I was at a cafe and I heard 2 guys, maybe about 30-40 years old,  speaking to each other in Kurdish, not only that but it was Kurmanji Kurdish which is the dialect I am learning.  I was shocked. I walked over and I said in Kurdish "hi my name is \_\_\_\_ and I am learning Kurdish, do you mind if I join your conversation?"

One of them responds back in Kurdish and says "fuck off little girl, we are busy and we don't want to talk to you" he said some other stuff in Kurdish I didn't understand. They then started talking to each other in some other language, I think Arabic, and they just laughed and the other one yelled at me in Kurdish and told me to go away. 

I was really sad. I walked away and I said "I'm sorry if i upset you, its just I've never seen a Kurdish speaker in Montana and I just want to learn more about your language and culture---" one of them told me to go away again.

I asked my friends about this and they all said I was the asshole and I was so rude. Was I really rude to do that? if they said "hey we're discussing a business matter so no sorry" I would've understood completely. I don't understand why they had to be so rude about it.My(17m) sister (14f) has endometriosis. Today she was having cramps and she said that it was getting much worse than it normally is. After a bit my mom said we should take her to the er. We had to get her in the car and she said it hurt to much to walk, and my mom can't carry her and my dad can carry her some days and some days he can't just based on how tired he is (he's on a business trip anyways), so my mom asked me to do it. The thing is I would have to carry her in the way people hold babies because if I picked her up by her stomach she says it "hurts too much" and I didn't want to pick her up like that because I think it's weird, and I had wrestling practice so I was tired, and I said that I wouldnt and explained my reasoning. My mom got mad at me saying I was being a bad brother because I should want to help her. I said I don't. My mom said I was being disgusting and told me to get her in the car. I said no. She just looked at me angrily and tried helping my sister walk to the car. They are both still very mad at me so I think I could have just sucked it up and done it, AITA?We’ve (25M & 25F) been dating for 4 years. We moved in together last year. We rented an apartment in the city and the rent was fucking high but we both had well-paying jobs at the time.

My girlfriend’s brother passed away at the start of this year. She quit her job a month after his passing. I did not question her decision as I understood how hard it must be for her. She hasn’t moved on from it yet though.

I have been paying the rent by myself ever since she quit her job. We were talking last night and I told her she should start working again as I can’t keep paying the rent by myself. She said she wasn’t ready to start working again and that if the money was an issue for me, her dad would pay the rent. I told her I didn’t want her dad’s money, I wanted her to get her shit together, her brother isn't coming back, and that she needs to get over him. AITA?So someone not me (30f) got my daughter  (7f) one of those cheap candy advent calendars. I was willing to give it to her, try it out, but I know that any 7 year old has trouble waiting  but mine in particular when it comes to candy. I knew she would try and eat it all at once and I don't care if the candy is small I still don't want her eating it all in one sitting.
I agreed to let her keep it in her playroom though (basically a half of the living room) because it is pretty to look at with the explicit agreement that she was to have ONE a day, and though I understood her excitement that if she had multiple it was gone, end of story. No arguments, no negotiations. She agreed. 
On the 6th I was cleaning up the baby's toys and noticed that the calendar looked pretty messed up. She'd torn off the windows to 6 days.... and carefully opened 12 more and tried to put them back. So I threw it out. I was pretty pissed at the time too, because I felt like I did "known" it was going to happen. 
The next day she asked if she could have her candy and I said no. And she got really worried and asked why not. I told her calmly, quietly that I had seen that she'd already eaten more candy, that was against our agreement so I had gotten rid of it. Maybe we could try again next year. 
Instant tears and bargaining that she wouldn't do it again, please let her try again. I  said no, we weren't having this discussion and as I was nursing the baby I told her that now would be a good time to take a brain break  (go calm down privately and cry it out if you must). 
Her dad thinks I'm being cruel and expected too much of her, and that I should get her another and apologize for making her cry. Aita?

Edit, because I feel like it needs one for those telling me I should have just kept it from her. She climbed the fridge at 2 am (and fell off) to get it down and display in her room. The discussion on keeping it in her room and her telling me why she could be trusted was over an hour long, not a quick "can't wait to see her fail" one.About 2 weeks ago I went to the drive-thru at the McDonald's closest to my house. Nothing out of the ordinary, but at the last window they asked me to pull around front and wait because they had to make fries and it would be a few minutes. 

No problem, I pull around, play on my phone, the usual. I do however keep seeing new customers enter the drive-thru and exit with their food.

I glance at the time that I paid on my receipt and notice I have been waiting for meal for 16 minutes. 

I go inside and talk to someone, come to find out my order was placed with the GrubHub orders, it was never going to be walked out at all.

Anyways, get my food and leave.

Yesterday....same thing. Same McDonald's, they ask me again to pull around front.

I hesitate but decide that no, I'm just gonna wait here. I explained how last time I had to wait and that whole situation, employee asks again, I still say no.

Manager comes over and basically orders me to move, I refuse, obviously not much he can do.

So they eventually get my food out after about 5 minutes. I could tell the employees were super mad and the guy behind me looked annoyed as well at the wait.

AITA?[removed]My wife and I, we clearly put too much trust in our daughter, who is 16, to study and work on her own, no supervision, no checking in. Well, come to find out, her grades are in the toilet. Of course, she immediately ran to the excuses of, " the teacher doesn't explain it well", " the tests are too hard, nobody passes", " that class isn't important".  We clearly allowed her to have too much of a social life. There are weekends where, she'll leave Friday night and we won't see her until Sunday afternoon aside from coming home to change and shower.

&#x200B;

We knew we had to send a message, so, we grounded her from her boyfriend, social outings, took her cell phone, got the TV out of her room, took her car keys, and told her she'll be spending this holiday break studying up on all of the subjects she's behind in, we will be supervising that.

&#x200B;

 From her point of view, we're just doing these things because we're mean, anti-fun, and she keeps asking us about what our grades were like in high school. It sounds awful, but, it's funny to me that she's threatening to ask both sets of grandparents on Thursday how we were at her age. I was on the honor roll for 4 years, I have a Master's, and my wife has a Bachelor's. I'm all ready for that conversation.

&#x200B;

AITA?Throaway account
I (F34) have a SIL (F25), let’s call her H. She’s been together with my brother J (M32) for three years now. We were born in Europe but originally from the Middle-East. H is born and raised in Europe. Our religion and part of our culture is different from hers but we didn’t mind cause she’s a nice girl and we are open-minded. She really tries her best to please my brother in every way. She’s learning Arabic, asking about the culture, and lately she started looking up recipes from our country too. My brother is very happy with everything she does and if he’s happy than we are too. Last week they came to visit our whole family for lunch. Our family is pretty big with many cousins, kids, brothers, sisters, parents and grandparents. Most of them were there. H made a meal which is really popular in the country we’re originally from. Everyone was amazed by it. She left it in the kitchen with all of the other dishes for later. Well to be fair I’m cooking since I was 14 years old and I’m a pretty good cook too. I was interested how her food tasted so I tried it. It wasn’t bad but I thought maybe I could fix it up with a little salt and spices. When we served the food for lunch, everyone complimented H about the dish and how well she’s done it. Here is where I might be TA. I told front of everyone that I fixed the food up with some salt and spices. J got very angry and started to argue with me front of everyone. He told me there’s was nothing wrong with H’s meal and I shouldn’t be disrespectful. But I believe in constructive criticism and I was trying to help her learn. After they’ve gone and I saw H crying in the car. My family told me I was an AH and embarrassed our guest. I feel pretty bad. AITA?

Edit: okey, so I see everyone thinks I am TA but just to clear things up, I didn’t say it in a bad way. I told her “I tried it myself and for the first try it tasted really good but I thought it could use some salt and spices so I put some more if you don’t mind. Next time it’ll be even better.” And I didn’t want to steal the spotlight, I just wanted to be honest.

Edit 2: I apologised the next day and I told her it’s a misunderstanding but my brother can’t let this go.Today I said that in her face and declare that I will exclude her from any decision making from now on and I will take fully control of our family financial. That was after she lost her second car (our money) by the same manner like the last one: forgot to lock the goddamn car.

I tried to tell her so many time that she need to be careful and mindful with money, we are middleclass but we have to work hard everyday to earn that lifestyle, not by receiving some random ass inheritances and I'm already discuss with her about saving money so we could open a small business so we need to save money. Let me be clear: this is the second car she lost and this is one of many times she lost our hard-earned money by some stupid decision making.

Am I the asshole?

1. Regarding insurance:  Car insurance is a joke in this country. It didn't cover if there's no CCTV recording.  I rush in the nearest police station and they said there is no CCTV in the area.
2. We both work. I earn more because of the industry I work in.
3. What I want exclude her away from our family financial decision making, she can definitely use her money and do anything she want. But I will not trust her decision of thing like investment, how to run our new family business etc...
4. To people that say I am making a scene:Think of this as the last straw. She did make some poor decision making in the past and I'm already express my concern about her carelessness with money.With covid raging around and you lost a damn car due to your carelessness, that is unacceptable.  

5. I never got my car stolen, know why? I park in good neighborhood or actually use a parking lot. Not parking by the street and got in stolen. Twice.

Update 17 Sep: Spoke with my lawyer, insurance won't cover it and we will have to wait for the police to find our car. Brought back home a divorce form and we agree both sign it and walk away like proper adults, no more argument need, both will get 50%, no court involved and I will keep my dog  and my house since its always mine(divorce fee is $500 trolls). 

I will still keep my decision and think it fair, if you are behaving like a child you need to be treated like a child. I paid 70% of that car and that our only vehicle to get around, I have all the rights in the world to be mad about it. I decided to walk away from her like I walk away from yall snowflakes who can't take responsibility and an opinion in the face when you ducked up. Read my post carefully, she lost us 2 cars, plus OTHER stupid decisions I won't bother to mention. Thanks for letting my know what your type of people actually feel and make up my mind that I won't need to even try to fix stupid. Yalll need to wake up because yall are out of touch. Good luck on the real and harsh world.


And I don't appreciate all the cucks for down voting my post and get all my karma, thats a dick move as a redditor. Now I will have to start another account.[deleted][deleted]I’m 23 and she’s the same.

We been together awhile now about a year and we are always with each other and we talk about everything. We are basically each other’s best friend. Well the thing is I notice all these other girls wear makeup and she doesn’t. She’s completely fine with not wearing makeup but it sort of bugs me. It’s not like she’s ugly without it I just think she would look so much better. Like she would glow. I don’t know what the big deal is for her to wear makeup. 

So early today I asked her before we went out to eat with my parents if she could put some makeup on. She got so mad at me saying how much she hates it and she put me in an awkward spot. I didn’t know how to advance the argument because she was so stern on not wearing makeup but she finally gave in to my pestering and decided to put on  some of her sisters make up but I could tell she was furious with me. I told her she should drop the attitude because it’s not a big deal and I don’t want her bringing that energy for dinner. And now she’s making a big deal about me not respecting her wishes. If she wanted me to do something for her I’ll do it it’s not that big of a deal. I know she’s her own person but when you are in a relationship you sort of make compromises for one another. Am I the asshole for asking her to put on ALITTLE makeup

Edit: just so everyone knows I’m a good boyfriend and we hardly ever fight. We are good for each other. We have alot of things in common and of course I see the value in her besides her outwards appearance. We are seeing this long term hopefully even though she can be alittle stubborn but every relationships have shells and layers that can be peeled it just takes time and that’s fine. I know makeup isn’t important but it’s a small compromise.  I’m not forcing her to do anything she is free to do whatever she wants with her body. I’m 100% supportive of her decisions in lifeBackstory: when me (m33) and my girlfriend (f29) met, she was just getting over a breakup. Initially she told me she wasn’t ready to date anyone, so I offered to hang out with her just as friends, which eventually lead to a happy relationship after a few months. 

Fast forward a year later. She happened to run into her ex at the grocery store, and she told me that he was very kind to her and that he looked good and happy. I asked her if she missed him and she confessed that she did miss him sometimes, but told me not to worry, that she just wanted to be truthful with me when I asked.

This is when I thought it might be funny to play a little prank on her… when she left her phone unattended I replaced his contact info in her phone with my work phone number (that she never uses.)

Later that night, I texted her with my work phone so it would look like a text from him, saying that it was nice to see her and that I missed her. About 15 minutes after I sent the text, she texted me with a screenshot of the text from “her ex” and asked how she should reply. I was relieved and also thought it was hilarious! She ignored “ex” the text. 

Here’s where I made the mistake. I texted again as the ex at like 12:00 am saying “don’t ignore me, just come over.” She again didn’t reply to the ex but texted me and said that was incredibly strange because she heard he now had a live in girlfriend, and it just didn’t sound like anything he would say.

The next morning, she looked at his contact card and thought something looked odd, so she messaged him on Instagram and asked him if he had lost his phone, and told him about the messages she was getting from his phone. He confirms the number in her phone was never his phone number.

That’s when she figured out it was me. 

She was furious and accused me of so many things like trying to manipulate her and making her look like a pathetic idiot to her ex. She said “he would never believe that I wasn’t just making up a story just to talk to him since I just saw him at the store!” She had told me she is considering ending our relationship because I betrayed her trust. 

I really thought she would find it funny. I told her it was just a joke! I feel dumb now but it really would have been funny if I had a little more time to send some of the messages I had planned, but she caught on too quickly.

At this point I feel like she is more concerned about her ex’s perception of her than she is about the state of our relationship, and it’s making me think my prank idea may have lead us here for a reason. Do you think I’m TA here or does she belong to the streets?